Name	Set	ImageFile	Cost_Influence	Type	SubType	Diplomacy	Intrigue	Psi	Leadership	Military	Marks	Rarity	Text
A Nascent Universe	Giants in the Playground	gitp.159,gitp.159	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, all marks requirements for sponsoring Vorlon, Shadow, and First One characters as well as Vorlon, Shadow, and First One fleets are reduced by 2. As an action, before checking the mark requirements, any player may purge 2 marks of the same type as the marks requirement to sponsor a card that requires the Shadow War to be in effect.
A Time of Strife	Giants in the Playground	gitp.152,gitp.152	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, whenever any faction wins a non-Universal conflict by 5 or more, they gain an additional +1 Power at the resolution of the conflict.
Age of Reason	Giants in the Playground	gitp.158,gitp.158	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, no character or fleet may attack another character or fleet controlled by a faction towards whom they do not have a tension of 4 or more.
Dawn of the Third Age	Giants in the Playground	gitp.150,gitp.150	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, there are no additional rules associated with the Epoch.
Final Curtain	Giants in the Playground	gitp.155,gitp.155	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, at the end of each turn during the resolution round, remove 1 Power from the Universal Power Pool. The “Dialogue with the Universe” conflict always lets the winner gain 2 Power from the Universal Power Pool, even if they do not win by 10 or more.
In the Beginning	Giants in the Playground	gitp.153,gitp.153	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, whenever any faction builds influence, they increase their influence rating by 2 if this would not increase the influence rating over 10.
Restricted Resources	Giants in the Playground	gitp.156,gitp.156	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, all agendas in play can only add a maximum of 5 power to a faction’s power total. No faction can increase their total influence by more than 2 above the Influence Rating at which they started each turn.
The Fourth Age	Giants in the Playground	gitp.154,gitp.154	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, a Drakh faction can once per game reveal a non-racial Major Agenda from their hand and play it. It permanently becomes a Drakh Major Agenda. The ISA is formed, and any non-Drakh player wanting to join can choose to do so. The ISA does not cease to exist if it has no members while this Epoch is in play.
The Great War	Giants in the Playground	gitp.151,gitp.151	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this Epoch is in play, the Shadows require 5 influence less than usual to start the Shadow War. Equally, the Vorlons require 5 influence less to start the Shadow War. All fleets gain a Strife mark while attacking Shadow fleets, Vorlon fleets, or First One fleets.
War-Torn Universe	Giants in the Playground	gitp.157,gitp.157	0	Epoch		0	0	0	0	0		F	All players may once per turn apply 5 influence to reveal the top cards of their deck until they reveal a fleet loyal to their faction and take that fleet into their hand. They must shuffle their deck afterwards. All players may rotate their ambassador as an action and target a faction with whom they have a mutual tension of 4 or more to declare war between their faction and the target faction.
Devising the Next Move	A New Beginning	beginning.14,beginning.14	0	Conflict	Universal Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player generates the single most support gains 5 automatic support for the first Intrigue conflict they initiate next round. If they win by 10, they gain 10 automatic support instead.
Dialogue with the Universe	A New Beginning	beginning.13,beginning.13	0	Conflict	Universal	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Enigma. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game if at least one player has 10 influence. You may participate in this conflict using Diplomacy, Intrigue and Leadership. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player generates the single most support gains 1 power from the Universal Power Pool. If that player wins with at least 10 more support than all other players individually, that player gains 2 Power from the Universal Pool instead.
I Was There...	Giants in the Playground	gitp.47,gitp.47	0	Conflict	Universal	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. You may participate in this conflict using all abilities. When participating in this conflict using Psi, it only counts as half, rounded down, at resolution. When you initiate this conflict, target an Epoch not in play. If you succeed by 10 or more, remove any Epochs in play, then put the targeted Epoch in play. If you succeed by 20 or more, you may gain 1 Power from the Universal Power Pool.
Joyous Celebration	A New Beginning	beginning.16,beginning.16	0	Conflict	Universal Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player generates the single most support gains 5 automatic support for the first Diplomacy conflict they initiate next round. If they win by 10, they gain 10 automatic support instead.
Strategic Planning	A New Beginning	beginning.15,beginning.15	0	Conflict	Universal Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player generates the single most support gains 5 automatic support for the first Military conflict they initiate next round. If they win by 10, they gain 10 automatic support instead.
War Conflict (faction)	A New Beginning	beginning.40,beginning.40	0	Conflict	Universal Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. Target a faction with whom you currently have a state of war. If you win the conflict and the conflict is uncontested (All participants in the conflict must have supported the conflict), then the target loses one influence and you gain one influence. If the conflict is contested (At least one participant opposed or attacked) then it has no effect. At resolution, the mutual tensions of the initiator faction and the target faction are increased by 1 to a maximum of 5.
War Conflict (location)	A New Beginning	beginning.41,beginning.41	0	Conflict	Universal Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. Target a location controlled by a faction with whom you currently have a state of war. If successful, you capture the location. All inherent effects and abilities of the location are no longer active. They remain so until the location is recaptured by the original owner. At resolution, the mutual tensions of the initiator faction and the target faction are increased by 1 to a maximum of 5.
Working the Zocalo	A New Beginning	beginning.2,beginning.2	0	Conflict	Universal	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Any player may initiate this conflict from outside of the game. You may participate in this conflict using Diplomacy, Intrigue and Leadership. Participants in this conflict cannot be attacked. Participants with strife marks generate +2 support for each such mark. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player (or players, if tied) generates the most support gains 1 temporary influence until the end of next round. Aftermaths cannot be played at resolution of this conflict.
50 Credits a Week	Severed Dreams	dreams.0	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	You must rotate a Nightwatch character to play this event. Search your deck and take into your hand the first two non-event cards you find, of different types, that have the word "Nightwatch" in their game text or title (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
A Better Place	Psi Corps	psicorps.0	0	Aftermath	Won Psi Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Remove from the game one of your limited Inner Circle participant teeps. The effect text of the conflict is reversed. The conflict is still considered won for aftermath purposes. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
A Brighter Future	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.0	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, this card becomes a Babylon 5 enhancement. While it is in play, Babylon 5 gains +1 influence each turn there is no war. If the conflict succeeds by 20 or more, Babylon 5 gains an additional +1 influence each turn no one initiates a Military conflict.
A Call For Help	Crusade	crusade.0	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target the player who has the single fewest characters in his Inner Circle. You may immediately rotate one of those characters to support or oppose a conflict however you wish, regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate in that conflict.
A Crusade... (cure)	A New Beginning	beginning.35	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	...for a cure. Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of Crusade (Boldface) cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
A Crusade... (enigma)	A New Beginning	beginning.39	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	...for Enlightenment. Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of Enigma (Boldface) and/or "Babylon 4 conflict" cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
A Crusade... (knowledge)	A New Beginning	beginning.37	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	...for knowledge. Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of Explorer (Boldface) cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
A Crusade... (legacy)	A New Beginning	beginning.36	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	...for a legacy. Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of Legacy (Boldface) cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
A Crusade... (profit)	A New Beginning	beginning.38	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	...for profit. Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of Corporate (Boldface) cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
A Day at the Beach	The Telepath War	teepwar.116	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate all ready characters in your Supporting Row. If the amount of characters rotated is equal or higher than the amount of characters in your Inner Circle, remove all severe damage from all Inner Circle characters, unneutralize them, and ready them. All characters unneutralized this way are no longer considered participants in conflicts, and cannot participate in any conflicts until the end of the turn.
A Dream Given Form	Apocrypha	apocrypha.138	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Each faction that votes "No" in a Babylon 5 vote must apply 1 influence for no effect (if they still have influence to spend). Each time a Babylon 5 Vote succeeds, add a Voter Token on this agenda. Count every two Voter Tokens as +1 Power.
A Dying People	Crusade	crusade.5	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	As your first or second action, target an Intrigue Conflict initiated by a Centauri player or a Military Conflict initiated by a Narn player. The target conflict is canceled. You may not target a conflict initiated by a player who has 3 or more Vorlon Marks. This event is Irrevocable if the target's initiator has any Doom Marks or Shadow Marks.
A Final Statement	The Shadows	shadows.0	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate a Techno-mage. When this action round is supposed to end, you may take one final action. The action round then ends.
A Good Bluff	The Great War	deluxe.1	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Diplomacy to support or oppose a target Intrigue conflict.
A Good Lead	Crusade	crusade.6	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy participant characters who supported your Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy conflict. As an action, discard this aftermath to draw 2 cards from your deck or Crusade Pile.
A Meeting of Minds	Psi Corps	psicorps.1	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Rotate a character with Psi greater than zero. Add half that character's Psi to all non-zero abilities of another target character with Psi greater than zero.
A Moment of Beauty	The Shadows	shadows.1	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	All players with Vorlon Marks gain +3 temporary Influence to apply next turn only. This influence does not count toward power.  This card cannot be played more than once per turn.
A New Era	Psi Corps	psicorps.2	2	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	If any opposable Military conflicts are in play, any player may rotate his ambassador as an action to rotate this enhancement and call a Babylon 5 vote. If successful, all opposable Military conflicts in play gain 2 opposition for each yes vote.
A Place Among Them	Giants in the Playground	gitp.124	4	Enhancement	Narn Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	 This enhancement can be sponsored at -4 influence cost if your ambassador has been replaced at least once this game. The attached character gains the Member of the Kha’Ri boldface text. Investment 4: The attached character gains a Destiny mark while this enhancement is attached.
A Rising Power	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.2	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate this agenda to provide +5 support to any Diplomacy conflict that will give you influence.   Count each 10 Diplomacy you have from ready characters you control as +1 power.
A Room Full of Narns	Anla'shok	rangers.0	5	Event	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Requires you to control 5 Narn characters with Strife marks. Neutralize a Narn character to discard target supporting character that has no attached cards OR to discard target aftermath, enhancement or group.
A Shared Vision	A New Beginning	beginning.86	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a Vorlon, Seeress or a Techno-mage character to transfer up to two marks that are not Strife marks from one character you control to another character you control. If at least one of the marks was a Destiny mark or Doom mark, restore 1 influence.
A Shot in the Dark	Severed Dreams	dreams.1	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character you control and purge a Conspiracy Mark from that character, then rotate him to attack (as normal) in a conflict. He inflicts triple damage in that attack. You may purge at least 2 more Conspiracy Marks (from anywhere in your faction) to cause the target to inflict five times normal damage in that attack. Your attack cannot inflict more Severe Damage than the number of Conspiracy Marks you purged.
A Show of Guile	The Great War	greatwar.1	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	A character opposing the conflict must have been neutralized.  Target your ambassador.  Your ambassador may now participate in Intrigue conflicts using Diplomacy.  Discard this aftermath if you initiate and lose an Intrigue conflict.
A Sordid Past	The Telepath War	teepwar.40	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character in the faction of the initiator of the conflict that has been replaced this game. The target applies -1 support or opposition in conflicts for each time they have been replaced.
A Time for Heroes	The Great War	greatwar.2	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 1 influence for each character you control who has a Leadership greater than 0.  For the rest of the turn, all those characters gain +1 Leadership. For the rest of the turn, all characters you control lose 1 Intrigue and 1 Diplomacy.
A Time for Peace	Psi Corps	psicorps.3	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Call a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, all (opposable) Military conflicts in play gain opposition equal to Babylon 5's influence. Reduce Babylon 5's influence by one for each of these conflicts that succeeds.
A Very Agreeable Thump	Anla'shok	rangers.1	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Can only be sponsored by a Ranger character. When participating in an attack, Ranger characters inflict damage from Strife marks before any other damage is applied. Ranger One applies all of their damage first during attacks. Ranger characters cannot gain Strife marks from non-Ranger cards.
A View from the Gallery	A New Beginning	beginning.76	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		F	Diplomacy, Intrigue and Leadership can be used in this conflict. Only characters that are either Multiple or of whom their highest ability is less than 4 can participate in this conflict. If the conflict succeeds, you may restore 1 influence. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, you may restore up to 2 influence instead. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you gain 1 influence and restore up to 2 influence instead.
A Warning	Crusade	crusade.7	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Each player may only play this event once per turn. For each Techno-mage character and fleet you control, apply +3 opposition to a conflict targeting you, or +3 support for a Crusade or Legacy conflict you initiated.
A World Gone Mad	Severed Dreams	dreams.2	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a non-ambassador character controlled by a player whose race has a tension of 5 toward a race in play. Next turn, the target must initiate and win a conflict targeting that race (or a player/faction of that race). If he does not, he must demote or discard the target.
Abandoned	The Great War	greatwar.3	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a conflict participant.  The target ignores the effects of all cards targeting its faction and all cards in its faction which are not directly attached to the target.
Abbai Courtesane	Apocrypha	apocrypha.145	5	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	1	0	0		F	Abbai. Ready a rotated character you do not control to reduce the influence cost of the next character you sponsor by 2.
Abbut	Psi Corps	psicorps.4	9	Character	Neutral	0	5	0	0	0		U	Rotate to look at the bottom 10 cards on any deck. (Return in same order.) You may apply influence equal to half Abbut's Intrigue to use his Intrigue as Psi for the rest of the turn.
Abel Horn	Balance of Power	balance.26	7	Character	Human	0	5	0	1	0	Doom, Strife	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Cannot attach Weapon cards. Each time Abel Horn rotates to participate in a conflict, add a Cyborg Token to him. At the end of the Resolution Round, if this character has 5 or more Cyborg Tokens, discard this character.
Above it All	Crusade	crusade.8	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply any amount of influence, and for each influence you apply target one of your characters who is supporting you in a conflict in which any player may be supported. At resolution of that conflict, each of those characters applies +3 additional support.
Academic Cover Letter	The Telepath War	teepwar.34	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Play as your first action on target conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, if at least 1 Medical character or Legal character supported this conflict, add +5 support to the conflict.
Accident	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.3	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one character or fleet.   Target suffers 1 point of damage.
Acclaim	Psi Corps	psicorps.5	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant character. Any conflicts targeting the target character gain +5 automatic opposition.
Accommodations	Crusade	crusade.9	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play this event as your first action. Target an opposable conflict initiated by another player. If, at resolution, you provide more support to the conflict than any other player, at resolution you may draw a number of cards equal to three times the influence gained from the conflict by the initiator, and the initiator cannot draw any cards during the Draw Round this turn.
Accuse of Conspiracy	Balance of Power	balance.51	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Limited. Play as your first action after the second character supports a conflict you did not initiate. Target that second participant if it is not an Ambassador.. This conflict gains automatic support equal to the Conspiracy Marks on the target character. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict succeeds, neutralize the targeted character. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, and the target was an Inner Circle character, demote it as well. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, no additional influence may be gained from the conflict in which the target participated. (Aftermaths, Locations.Contingencies, ...)
Achilles	A New Beginning	beginning.85	4	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	1		F	Corporate. Rotate this fleet to move up to 2 Credit Tokens from any card you control to another card.
Acknowledge Legitimacy	Psi Corps	psicorps.6	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Centauri, Human, Minbari, or Narn character whose race has no vote in Babylon 5 votes. Characters of that race apply double Diplomacy during the resolution of this conflict. If successful, this Conflict becomes an Aftermath targeting that character that allows the target's controller to vote for the target's race in Babylon 5 votes. Each race may only be targeted by this aftermath once per game.
Acolyte	The Great War	greatwar.4	6	Character	Minbari	4	0	0	0	0		U	Religious Caste. You may discard a card from your hand and rotate this character when you sponsor or promote a Minbari character.  If you do so, your cost for that action is reduced by 2.
Act of War	The Shadows	shadows.2	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play when an attack has been made against one of your fleets since your last action. Increase your tension toward the race whose fleet attacked your fleet by 1.  If your tension toward that race is now at 5, your two races are now at War.
Adamists	The Telepath War	teepwar.84	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Religious. Cannot be sponsored by Psi Corps factions. When you sponsor this group, your ambassador gains a Doom mark.Rotate this group to inflict 1 damage on any teep character in play.
Additional Force	The Shadows	shadows.3	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one of your participant characters or fleets that attacked this turn.  The target is now supporting or opposing (your choice) the same conflict with the same ability.
Addressing Kosh	Giants in the Playground	gitp.87	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Factions that have at least one Vorlon Mark cannot play this conflict. Target a character you control. If any version of Kosh Naranek is in play, this conflict gains +5 automatic support. If successful, the target gains a Vorlon mark. If you win by 5 or more, the target gets an additional Vorlon mark. If you win by 10 or more, the Vorlons  gain +2 influence. If you win by 20 or more, and the Vorlon Influence is 10 or higher, gain 1 influence.
Adira Mollari	The Vorlons	vorlons.1	6	Character	Centauri	2	4	0	0	0		R	Wife of Londo. Lady. May replace Adira Tyree, transferring all attached cards and marks. Any version of Londo you control gets +1 to all non-zero abilities while Adira Mollari is in your Inner Circle. 
Adira Tyree	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.4	5	Character	Centauri	0	3	0	0	0		F	After every time Adira Tyree attacks or is attacked without being neutralized, she gains +1 Intrigue.
Advance Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.5	5	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	2		U	Cannot attack.  This fleet gains +3 Military while supporting a Military conflict.
Advanced Shielding	Giants in the Playground	gitp.16	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Out of Turn. Requires 2 Vorlon marks. Play in response to one of your fleets being attacked. Reveal a Vorlon fleet, Ranger fleet or “The White Star” from your hand. Until the end of the turn, the attacked fleet gains damage resistance equal to half the printed Military of the revealed fleet.
Advanced Training	The Great War	greatwar.6	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Ranger you control.  The target character gains +1 Intrigue and +1 Leadership.
Affirm Alliance	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.5	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate your ambassador to sponsor or promote a character at a cost reduced by half the ambassador's Diplomacy.
Affirmation of Peace	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.6	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If this conflict succeeds, all tensions for all players are lowered by 1. Also if this conflict succeeds, hold a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes you and Babylon 5 each gain 2 influence.
Affirmation of Power	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.7	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If successful, you and Babylon 5 each gain 1 influence.   If the conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you and Babylon 5 each gains an additional influence.   If the conflict fails, you and Babylon 5 each lose 1 influence.
Affirmation of Support	The Great War	greatwar.7	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an opposable conflict.  Hold a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, apply Babylon 5's influence in support of the conflict.  If the vote fails, apply 1 opposition against the conflict for each vote against.
Afraid of the Dark	Psi Corps	psicorps.8	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	The cost for each player to play cards that require Shadow Marks is increased by an amount equal to twice his unrest.
Against Giants	Apocrypha	apocrypha.65	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Target a fleet you control. Reveal when this fleet attacks another fleet with a printed Military higher than this fleet’s printed Military and neutralizes that fleet without being neutralized. This contingency becomes a fleet enhancement that reads: "The attached fleet gains a Strife mark and +2 damage resistance". 
Against the First Ones	The Great War	greatwar.8	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	If the Shadow War has begun and you have no Shadow or Vorlon Marks, you may initiate a Military conflict targeting either the Shadows or the Vorlons. If successful, you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence. Your fleets inflict +3 damage when attacking Shadow and Vorlon fleets.
Age of Conquest	Crusade	crusade.10	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	May not target Imperialism. Reveal when you conquer a location from another player to gain +2 influence and draw 3 cards.
Age of Exploration	Psi Corps	psicorps.9	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Next turn, you may sponsor locations without rotating a character and at -2 cost, and all other players may sponsor locations at -1 cost
Age of Prosperity	Anla'shok	rangers.64	7	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Explorer. If you have fewer cards in your hand than each other player, you can sponsor this card for free. Each player who draws any number of free cards during the draw round must draw one additional card.
Agents Durkani & Lyssa	Crusade	crusade.11	7	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0		R	Explorer. This character has +1 Intrigue for every 2 Conspiracy Marks in the game.  Damage to this character does not reduce its abilities.
Aggressive Action	The Great War	greatwar.10	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another faction.  Diplomacy may be used in this conflict.  If successful, return this conflict to your hand.  In addition, you may choose during resolution either to gain +1 influence or to cause your target to lose 1 influence.
Aging Diplomat	Balance of Power	balance.82	6	Character	Centauri	5	2	0	0	0		F	Minister. Cannot oppose a Diplomacy conflict unless another Centauri Minister or Centauri Emperor has also opposed that conflict.
Agitation	Wheel of Fire	wheel.0	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	You may participate in this conflict using Intrigue. Target 2 races.  If successful, raise the mutual tensions between the target races by 1, plus an additional 1 for every 10 by which this conflict succeeds.  If this conflict would increase either tension above 5, the races enter a state of war. If the races' mutual tensions are at 5 after this conflict succeeds, cancel all non-war states between them.
Aiding the Shadows	The Shadows	shadows.4	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Apply any amount of influence. For each 2 Influence you apply, the Shadows gain +1 Influence until the end of the turn.  This bonus does not count toward starting the Shadow War or any victory condition.
Aiding the Vorlons	The Shadows	shadows.5	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Apply any amount of influence. For each 2 Influence you apply, the Vorlons gain +1 Influence until the end of the turn.  This bonus does not count toward starting the Shadow War or any victory condition.
Ain't I a Stinker?	Crusade	crusade.12	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player. Cannot be reversed. Rotate all non-character, non-fleet cards he controls for no effect.  The target cannot sponsor, replace, or discard his agenda for the rest of this turn.  The target draws no free cards during the draw round this turn. Discard all copies of Egyptian God of Frustration targeting any of the target's cards.
Airlock Mishap	Wheel of Fire	wheel.1	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Inflict 2 points of damage on each Ambassador's Assistant in play. If you have less than 10 influence, gain +1 influence.
Aldus	The Vorlons	vorlons.2	8	Character	Neutral	3	3	0	2	0	Destiny	U	Crusade. Explorer. Enigma. If this character is unneutralized and you win a Conflict that he is supporting, you may target and discard an Aftermath targeting your faction or any card in your faction.
Alice Kimbrell	The Telepath War	teepwar.32	6	Character	Human	0	4	0	1	0		F	When sponsored, if Lee Crawford is your Ambassador, she gains the Psi Corps boldface text.Alice Kimbrell can use her Intrigue to oppose Psi conflicts, even if she would not be allowed for other criteria (such as a race restriction).
Alien Consciousness	Giants in the Playground	gitp.94	7	Character	Drakh	0	0	6	0	0		F	Crusade. Rotate Alien Consciousness to look at the hand of a target player. If that hand contains at least 2 cards that could be placed in the target’s Crusade Pile, place one of those cards in the Crusade Pile of the target and shuffle it.
Alien Exchange Student	Apocrypha	apocrypha.81	6	Character	Minbari	2	1	0	0	0		F	Worker Caste. Medical. Alien Exchange Student can be sponsored by any non-Minbari faction at -4 influence cost. Rotate this character to flip a target neutralized character face-up if that character does not have any severe damage tokens. If the targeted character is not Minbari, first heal 1 point of severe damage from them.
Alien Takeover	Crusade	crusade.13	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. Explorer. You must have 10 influence to initiate this conflict. Target another faction. Intrigue may be used in this conflict. If successful by 10 or more, this card becomes an Aftermath on the target with the following text: Your characters cannot be promoted. Rotate this Aftermath to initiate a Leadership Conflict targeting another player in which Intrigue may be used. If successful, transfer this aftermath to that faction.
Alisa Beldon	Psi Corps	psicorps.11	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	3	0	0		C	The Psi Corps faction may sponsor Alisa Beldon as if she were a Human Psi Corps character. While controlled by the Psi Corps faction, Alisa Beldon is considered to be a Human Psi Corps character. Alisa Beldon's abilities are doubled while she is participating in a conflict which targets her.
Alisa, True Seeker	The Telepath War	teepwar.129	10	Character	Minbari	2	2	10	0	0	Destiny	F	Enigma. May replace Alisa Beldon. Alisa, True Seeker can support Legal conflicts using her psi.Once per game, Alisa, True Seeker may sponsor a Narn character at normal (instead of double) influence cost.
Alisha Ross	The Telepath War	teepwar.137	9	Character	Human	2	0	12	0	0	Doom	F	Psi Corps. While Alisha Ross is in play, and your ambassador is any version of Bester, he gains a Conspiracy mark that cannot be purged.Rotate Alisha Ross and any version of Bester as an action to reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a teep. Put that card into your hand, and shuffle the rest back into your deck.
All Alone In the Night	Wheel of Fire	wheel.2	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		C	If the conflict was won, each participant who opposed it suffers damage equal to his controller's Unrest.  If the conflict was lost, each participant who supported it suffers damage equal to his controller's Unrest. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
All Alone Out Here	Balance of Power	balance.49	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Explorer. Target a faction. If successful, this conflict becomes a Faction aftermath on the targeted faction that reads:”The attached faction cannot sponsor locations. At the start of each Resolution Round, remove 1 Solitude Token from this aftermath. If this aftermath has no more Solitude Tokens, discard it.”. Place a Solitude Token on the aftermath. Place an additional Solitude Token on it for each 10 by which this conflict succeeds.
All In the Cards	Crusade	crusade.14	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	This card cannot be in your starting hand. You cannot play this event if you have an agenda in play with the word "transfer" in its effect text. If your influence rating is less than 10, gain as much influence as you need to raise it to 10, ready all cards you control, and draw one card for each point of influence you gained from this event.
All Out War	The Vorlons	vorlons.3	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. May only be played if the Shadow War is in effect. Play as your first action. Target a player with whom you are not at War and declare War against the target. Then initiate a War conflict targeting that player as an additional conflict. If you win that conflict, gain +1 influence and return this event to your hand at the end of the Resolution Round.
All or Nothing	The Great War	greatwar.11	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Military Conflict you initiated. All of your characters gain +2 Leadership while participating in the conflict. If you lose the conflict, neutralize all of your participant fleets.
Alliance	The Great War	deluxe.9	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another race with whom you have a mutual tension of 1 and no Alliance. If successful, there is a state of Alliance between your two races. You each gain +1 influence for each 5 influence your ally has. If your two races ever go to war, the state of Alliance ends and you each lose 1 influence for each 5 influence your ally has.
Alliance Fleet	Wheel of Fire	wheel.3	13	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	13	0		R	ISA. Any ISA member may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. If this fleet's controller is not an ISA member, he must immediately place it in the supporting row of an ISA member if possible. Otherwise discard it. This fleet has 3 points of damage resistance. While led by a character with a Destiny Mark, this fleet gains +3 Military.
Alliance Superfleet	Crusade	crusade.15	12	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	7		R	ISA. Multiple. Any ISA member may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if at least 3 other Babylon 5 fleets are in play. Alliance Superfleet has +3 Military for each ISA member (including you). Discard this fleet if Babylon 5 influence is lower than 6 or if you are not an ISA member. You may initiate Military Conflicts in violation of the Interstellar Alliance card's restrictions, but Babylon 5 loses 1 influence each time you do so.
Alliance of Races	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.8	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		F	You may transfer 1 influence per turn to Babylon 5.  If Babylon 5 reaches 20 influence before the Shadow War begins, count Babylon 5's influence as power.
Alpha Squad Leader	Apocrypha	apocrypha.124	5	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	3	0		F	If Alpha Squad Leader is leading a fleet with at least one Squadron attached, he gains +2 Leadership. If one of the Squadrons attached is "Alpha Squadron", he gains +3 Leadership instead.
Alpha Squadron	Apocrypha	apocrypha.73	6	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a Babylon 5 or United fleet. You may rotate attached fleet to apply opposition equal to its current Military to any conflict in which your faction could participate and that would lower the Babylon 5 influence during resolution of the conflict. The fleet becomes a participant in that conflict.
Altruism	The Great War	greatwar.13	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	If you provide more support to a Won conflict than the initiator, you may rotate your homeworld to gain +1 influence.  All of your unneutralized characters provide +2 additional support when supporting a conflict initiated by another player.
Alwyn	Crusade	crusade.16	8	Character	Neutral	3	3	0	0	0		U	Techno-mage. Legacy. Immediately demote Alwyn if your Unrest is higher than 1. As an action, rotate Alwyn to apply damage to a fleet equal to any of Alwyn's abilities. Alwyn takes damage in return equal to the fleet's Military.
Alwyn's Ship	Giants in the Playground	gitp.1	5	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	2		F	Techno-mage. Legacy.  Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. Alwyn may sponsor this card for zero cost and may lead it using Intrigue. Cannot be attacked or targeted by events without your permission. This fleet gains +1 Military and +2 damage resistance when led by a Techno-mage. Rotate this fleet and target a fleet in play. The targeted fleet’s game text is blanked until the end of the turn. If this fleet’s current Military is equal or greater than the current Military of the targeted     fleet, rotate the targeted fleet for no effect.
Alyt	Severed Dreams	dreams.5	6	Enhancement	Minbari Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Warrior Caste character. The target may rotate to add half his Leadership to the military of a Minbari fleet that is being led by a Minbari. Neutralize the target if the fleet he aids is neutralized.
Alzeraj	Balance of Power	balance.45	9	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	11		F	Vree. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. While this location is in play, events played by any faction (even yours) cost an additional 1 influence to play.
Amanda Carter	Anla'shok	rangers.2	8	Character	Neutral	2	3	0	1	0		U	Corporate. While Amanda Carter is in your inner circle your agenda can't be targeted by any effect without your permission and she gains +1 to all abilities.
Ambassador Cotto (ambassador)	Anla'shok	rangers.3	0	Character	Centauri	4	3	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Centauri Babylon 5 Starting Ambassador. At the start of the game, reduce your mutual tensions with each Narn faction by 2. Techno-mage characters in your faction may act as your ambassador's assistant.
Ambassador Cotto (replacement)	Anla'shok	rangers.4	8	Character	Centauri	6	5	0	1	0		R	Neutralize your Emperor Mollari II to replace Attaché Cotto, transferring all attached cards and marks. Cannot be attacked by Techno-mage characters. Rotate a Techno-mage character to give Ambassador Cotto +1 to all abilities and +1 damage resistance (sustainable).
Ambassador Kosh	The Shadows	shadows.6	4	Character	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	R	Vorlon Influence must be 10 or higher and you must have 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor. Kosh Naranek is discarded and cannot reenter play. Unless specifically permitted, no effect can target Ambassador Kosh. All Vorlon Mark card play requirements are reduced by 2 (to a minimum of 1). The player with the single most Vorlon Marks may rotate Ambassador Kosh to apply support or opposition to a Diplomacy conflict equal to that player's Vorlon Marks, or to cast the Vorlon vote during a Babylon 5 vote.
Ambassador Sinclair	Apocrypha	apocrypha.1	0	Character	Human	9	3	0	4	0	Destiny	F	Must replace Captain Sinclair, transferring all attached cards and marks. Ambassador Sinclair may use all game text of all previous versions of the character he replaces as if he was that character.  Rotate Ambassador Sinclair and purge a Destiny mark from him to replace him with Entil’zha, transferring all attached cards. As an action Ambassador Sinclair may purge a Destiny mark to gain 2 Vorlon marks.
Ambassador Ta'Lon	Anla'shok	rangers.5	0	Character	Narn	2	4	0	1	0	Strife	R	Narn Babylon Project Starting Ambassador. Warrior. When this character rotates to oppose an Intrigue conflict you may inflict 2 damage to a target unneutralized character that is supporting that conflict. This character gains +1 damage resistance while supporting a conflict.
Ambassador Vitari	The Telepath War	teepwar.39	9	Character	Centauri	4	5	0	0	0		F	May replace First Contact Diplomat. Treat Ambassador Vitari as a Lord. While the mutual tension between your faction and all played Human factions is 2 or less, Ambassador Vitari gains +2 Diplomacy.
Ambitious Captain	The Shadows	shadows.7	6	Character	Centauri	0	3	0	3	0		C	If Ambitious Captain is leading a damaged fleet, he cannot sustain his action.
Amis	Balance of Power	balance.85	6	Character	Human	1	1	1	3	0		F	Religious. Requires 1 Shadow mark. Any Drakh faction may sponsor Amis at normal cost. When you sponsor Amis, you may discard a Chaos Token from a card in play to search your deck for any version of “Soldier of Darkness” and take it into your hand.
An Empty Circle	Giants in the Playground	gitp.111	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. You must rotate a Techno-mage character in your Inner Circle to sponsor or replace this agenda. If this agenda replaces “Secrets of the Order”, you need not neutralize your Techno-mage characters. At the end of each turn, if none of your characters participated in a conflict, add a Distance Token to this card. At the end of each turn in which your characters did not participate in a conflict, count each two Distance Tokens as 1 Power.
Analyze Anomaly	Giants in the Playground	gitp.119	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Enigma. Explorer. When you initiate this conflict, name a card. If this conflict succeeds, it becomes a Faction aftermath that you may rotate as an action to provide 10 opposition to a conflict initated by a card of the chosen name. If such a conflict fails, discard this aftermath at resolution to gain +1 power.
Anarchy	Psi Corps	psicorps.12	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a Non-Aligned player. You may not target yourself. If successful, the target must choose another species ambassador in his Inner Circle to become his new faction ambassador. (Transfer to the new faction ambassador all aftermaths, contingencies, enhancements, and marks that can only be attached to an ambassador.) If the target cannot choose a new faction ambassador, he must instead demote all of his Inner Circle characters except his ambassador.
Ancient Data Crystal	Crusade	crusade.17	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Explorer. Play after participating in a Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy conflict with a Corporate, Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy character. Select up to two Enhancement cards in your discard pile and place them in your hand. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Ancient Enemies	The Great War	greatwar.14	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	The cost to target any card in a faction or that faction as a whole with a card requiring Shadow Marks is reduced by 1 for each 2 Vorlon Marks in the target's faction.  The cost to target any card in a faction or that faction as a whole with a card requiring Vorlon Marks is reduced by 1 for each 2 Shadow Marks in the target's faction.
Ancient Rivals	The Shadows	shadows.8	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		U	If at least one card requiring Shadow Marks and one card requiring Vorlon Marks were played during this turn, Babylon 5 loses 2 influence.  May only be played once per turn.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Ancient Slugthrower	The Telepath War	teepwar.106	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Weapon. Cannot be used with any other Weapon enhancement.Rotate the attached character to attack a participant in a conflict. The attached character becomes a participant in the conflict. This action counts as a Pass action for determining whether the Action Round ends.
And Death There Was...	A New Beginning	beginning.48	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you control. Reveal when this character attacks a character or was attacked by a character and was not neutralized. If the other character was neutralized by the attack, prevent it from being neutralized as well as any severe damage and this contingency becomes an enhancement that reads: "Discard this enhancement as this character becomes neutralized while being attacked to prevent all damage on it."
And So It Begins	Wheel of Fire	wheel.4	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. Target your ambassador.  Reveal when another player gains influence, if you have less than 10 influence and all other players have at least 10 influence.  Search your deck and take any one version of your ambassador and any one version of your ambassador's assistant into your hand. They must be the same personalities as your current ambassador and ambassador's assistant.  Your ambassador and ambassador's assistant each gain a Destiny Mark. (Shuffle your deck afterwards).
Andre Sabbat	Crusade	crusade.18	7	Character	Neutral	2	2	0	0	0	Strife	U	Andre Sabbat cannot be attacked by characters with Doom Marks. When Andre Sabbat attacks a character who has a Doom Mark, Andre Sabbat takes no damage.
Andre Sabbat, True Believer	Balance of Power	balance.128	8	Character	Human	2	2	0	2	0	Doom	F	Crusade. Religious. May replace Andre Sabbat, transferring all attached cards and marks. Any Drakh character may sponsor this character at normal cost. Rotate Andre Sabat to search your deck for a “Terrorist Bombings” conflict card and add it to your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
"Angel"	The Vorlons	vorlons.4	6	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0	2x Vorlon	R	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. Can be sponsered by Human factions at normal cost. Discard this character as an action to cancel target conflict that is targeting you. You can only do this if "Angel" is ready and was sponsored this turn. "Angel" is not a version of Kosh.
Anger	The Vorlons	vorlons.5	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate a Narn character with a Strife mark to target a Character Enhancement ( or Fleet Enhancement) with a lower printed influence cost than the character you rotated. Discard the target.
Angered Souls	Giants in the Playground	gitp.54	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Rotate a Soul Hunter character you control. The rotated character gains a Doom mark. All characters in play immediately take 1 damage. All Soul Hunter characters in play take an additional damage.
Animus	The Vorlons	vorlons.6	0	Conflict	Minbari Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Military may be used in this conflict. When initiated, remove all "Alliance of Races" in play from the game or reduce Babylon 5 Influence by 1. If you succeed by 10 or more, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement for you with the text: "Your Influence Rating is +1 while this enhancement is in play. You may discard this Enhancement as an action to reduce Babylon 5 Influence by 4 or neutralize a target Human fleet."
Anla'Shok Reserve Fleet 	Giants in the Playground	gitp.122	7	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	6		F	Ranger. If you do not control a Ranger fleet, and your discard contains no Ranger fleet, you may sponsor Anla’Shok Reserve Fleet at -2 influence cost. Anla’Shok Reserve Fleet may participate in all Military conflicts requiring Shadow marks regardless of restrictions.
Anla'shok na Ivanova	Anla'shok	rangers.6	18	Character	Human	6	6	0	8	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Ranger One. Must replace General Ivanova transferring all attached cards and marks. Cannot be attacked unless she has attacked this turn. When you win a conflict with no participation restrictions that did not directly cause you to gain influence or power you may rotate this character to gain +1 influence, reduce your unrest by 1 and draw a card.
Anla'shok na Lenonn	Anla'shok	rangers.7	7	Character	Minbari	4	1	0	2	0	Vorlon	U	Ranger One. Can be sponsored at normal cost by a Ranger character ignoring all other cost reductions. Discard this character to add 5 opposition to target conflict.
Anna Sheridan	The Great War	greatwar.16	3	Character	Shadow	0	2	0	3	0	Shadow	R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to sponsor.  Anna Sheridan can only lead Shadow fleets.  Rotate Anna Sheridan and target any Sheridan character.  While she remains rotated, treat all but one of the target character's Destiny Marks as Doom Marks.
Annex Neutral World	The Shadows	shadows.9	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	All participants may increase their tension toward the initiator of this conflict by +1.  If successful, gain +1 Influence.  Gain an additional +1 Influence if you win the conflict by 10 or more.
Anti-Intruder Device	The Vorlons	vorlons.7	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Enigma. Target Conflict gains +1 support or opposition, your choice. Until the end of the turn, each time a card participates in that conflict it takes 1 damage and an additional 1 damage for each Doom mark it has. If this event is in your discard pile when you win a conflict by 5 or more, you may return this event to you hand at the end of the Resolution Round.
Anti-Psi Training	Severed Dreams	dreams.7	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply influence equal to the number of players in the game. Target a Psi Conflict. For the rest of this turn, any character may rotate as an action to apply +2 opposition to the target, even if he has no Psi. (This does not cause him to become a participant.)
Anti-Telepath Virus	Psi Corps	psicorps.13	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	There must be 7 Shadow Marks in play to initiate this conflict. If successful, neutralize all teeps in play, and this card becomes a Global Aftermath that causes all players to pay double cost to sponsor teeps, cumulative with other doubling. Any player may initiate a Diplomacy conflict which, if successful, discards this aftermath.
Apocalypse Box	Crusade	crusade.19	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Irrevocable. Limited. Target one of your characters. He gains a Doom Mark. During the ready round, rotate to reveal the top 5 cards in your deck. The target gains a number of Destiny, Doom, Conspiracy, and Strife Marks equal to those pictured on the revealed cards, but during the Draw Round he must purge the same number of Destiny, Conspiracy, and Strife Marks as he gained (or as many as possible of that type if he does not have enough). Return the revealed cards to the top of your deck in any order.
Application of Terror	Anla'shok	rangers.8	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Play if your unneutralized Ranger character attacked and neutralized a character opposing this conflict. All Ranger characters inflict +1 damage during an attack.
Appointed Official	Giants in the Playground	gitp.129	4	Enhancement	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	 This enhancement can be sponsored at -4 influence cost if you control a Centauri Emperor or Centauri Regent. The attached character gains the Minister boldface text if they do not already have the Emperor or Regent boldface text. Investment 2: The attached character gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue while this enhancement is attached.
Approval of the Grey	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.10	0	Aftermath	Minbari Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target one of your supporting characters who is a Grey Council member. Promote that character to the Inner Circle.
Apriori Flentak & Nix	Crusade	crusade.20	0	Character	Neutral	6	4	0	2	0		R	Unique. Explorer. If you have at least 10 influence, you may play this character directly from your hand immediately after winning an Explorer conflict (as if he was an aftermath). This character has +1 damage resistance for each Marata Fleet you control.
Archaeologist D. Taylor	Crusade	crusade.21	5	Character	Neutral	2	1	0	1	0		U	Corporate. This character may act as an Ambassador's Assistant for your ambassador if your ambassador is Corporate. This character gains +2 to all abilities while participating in an Explorer conflict.
Ardun	Apocrypha	apocrypha.128	5	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	10		F	Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. While this location is under your control, you may sponsor Jump Gate locations of any race at normal cost. You may rotate a Jump Gate location you control as an action to restore up to 2 influence if your sponsored a location or fleet this turn.
Aria Tensus	The Vorlons	vorlons.8	5	Character	Centauri	2	1	0	0	0		U	Immediately after this character is sponsored, target a ready Supporting Row character. Target character's text box except for any bold-face text is considered blank until the end of the turn.
Armed Resistance	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.11	4	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a location you played which was conquered.  The unrest level of the current controller of the location increases by 1.  You may initiate an extra Intrigue conflict each turn.  If you win this conflict by 10 or more, you reconquer the location andthis enhancement is discarded.
Armistice	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.12	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate your ambassador. If the mutual tensions of two races at war are each below 4, the war ends during the draw round.
Arms Cache	The Vorlons	vorlons.9	0	Aftermath	Narn Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Target your faction. Your unrest is increased by 1 when this aftermath is played. Rotate Arms Cache as an action to search your deck for the first Weapon card you find, then take it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Arms Race	Psi Corps	psicorps.14	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a race toward whom you have a tension of 4 or more. Rotate your ambassador to sponsor a fleet. The cost is reduced by one for each fleet in play loyal to the target race. Players of other races may increase their tension toward you by one.
Arnassian Seductress	Giants in the Playground	gitp.58	5	Character	Non-Aligned	3	1	0	0	0		F	Arnassian. Rotate this character and target a character you control. The targeted character gains +2 to all non-zero abilities. This action cannot be sustained. At the end of the Resolution Round, either neutralize the targeted character or this character.
Arranged Marriage	The Telepath War	teepwar.89	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Target a non-ambassador, non-tainted character that participated in a conflict that you initiated and in which your ambassador also participated. While this aftermath is attached, the target applies 3 less opposition at resolution in any conflict supported by your ambassador.
Arrest Dissidents	The Great War	greatwar.17	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Fleets of your race may apply double Military during resolution. For each 20 by which this conflict succeeds, discard one supporting character of your race (controlled by another faction).
Arrival of the Centauri	The Telepath War	teepwar.70	0	Conflict	Centauri Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Cannot target a Narn or Drakh faction. Target another faction with whom you are not in a state of war. The characters controlled by the initiator of the conflict cannot oppose this conflict. If successful, lower your mutual tensions by 1. For each 5 by which this conflict succeeds, lower the unrest of your faction and the targeted faction by 1. Then, if your unrest level is 1, you gain +1 influence. If the unrest level of the targeted faction is 1, that faction also gains +1 influence.
Arsenal of Yesterdays	Crusade	crusade.22	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. As an action, rotate this card to sponsor a Character Enhancement onto one of your characters (as if this card were an Inner Circle character). You may sponsor Character Enhancements on your characters at -1 cost, -4 cost if the target of the enhancement is Corporate or Explorer.
Arthur Malten	The Telepath War	teepwar.9	0	Character	Human	2	5	10	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Starting Ambassador. Corporate.You cannot sponsor Psi Cop characters.Once per turn, as an action, you may discard up to 5 Credit Tokens from any combination of cards you control to have Arthur Malten gain a bonus to his Intrigue equal to the amount of discarded Tokens until the end of the turn.
Artificial Virus	Giants in the Playground	gitp.131	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Crusade. Legacy. Medical. Any faction may be supported in this conflict. Techno-mage characters apply +2 Intrigue at resolution when supporting this conflict. Medical characters apply +2 Intrigue at resolution when opposing this conflict. The first character of each faction to participate in this conflict becomes neutralized. Whichever player generates the single most support gains +1 influence. If the winning faction has at least 10 cards in their Crusade Pile they also gain +1 Power.
As It Was Meant To Be	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.13	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	If the top card on your discard pile is a character, enhancement, group or fleet you may purge a Destiny Mark as an action to put that card into your hand. Your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark each time you initiate and win a conflict. Count each character you control with a Destiny Mark as 1 power.
Ashan	The Vorlons	vorlons.10	4	Character	Minbari	1	1	0	0	0		C	Religious Caste. Nightwatch. When you sponsor this character, increase your tensions towards all Human factions by 1. When any of your tension levels would be reduced, you may rotate this character to prevent that reduction.
Asimov Laws	The Great War	greatwar.18	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character. If successful, this conflict becomes a character enhancement. The enhancement prevents that character from attacking any of your characters. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, the character also cannot oppose any conflicts you initiate.
Assassination Plans	Apocrypha	apocrypha.21	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	When the attached character attacks another character, and it has a Weapon attached, you may discard Assassination Plans to have the attached character apply its damage before any other damage is applied.
Assault Troops	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.15	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	For every influence the target player applies, he may apply +2 Military support to a Military conflict targeting a location.
Assigning Blame	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.16	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target ambassador loses 2 Diplomacy.
Associates Revealed	The Shadows	shadows.11	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an ambassador with a Shadow Mark. The player of that faction must have played a card which required Shadow Marks this turn. The target ambassador loses 2 Diplomacy. His faction and the Shadows lose 1 Influence.
Assume Authority	Severed Dreams	dreams.8	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		R	If successful, gain +1 power. If unsuccessful, lose 2 influence.
Asteroid Mining Operation	Apocrypha	apocrypha.130	6	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		F	Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. You may rotate this location to start an additional Leadership conflict targeting a location you control. If successful, add a Credit Token to the targeted location, and an additional Credit Token for each 5 strength by which the conflict succeeds.
At Any Cost	Psi Corps	psicorps.15	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Unneutralize and fully heal a participant supporting character who did not attack this turn. If still unneutralized during resolution, double his support or opposition, then remove him from the game at the end of the turn.
At Peak Performance	The Shadows	shadows.12	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a fleet.  The target fleet takes only half damage when attacked this turn.
At a Standstill	The Great War	greatwar.19	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target ambassador's faction must rotate an Inner Circle character when initiating a conflict.
At the Mountains of Madness	The Telepath War	teepwar.65	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Explorer. Requires 1 Vorlon mark. Target a Deck or a Crusade Pile of any faction.If successful, your ambassador gains a Vorlon mark and you reveal a number of cards from the target Deck or Crusade Pile equal to the strength with which this conflict succeeds. For each 10 by which this conflict succeeds, you may place a Vorlon-tainted, Shadow-tainted or First One card from the revealed cards and place it in its owner’s discard. Shuffle all other cards back into the Deck or Crusade Pile from which they were revealed.
Atmospheric Fighters	The Shadows	shadows.13	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	All of your fleets gain +2 Military while participating in a conflict targeting a location.
Attaché	Severed Dreams	dreams.10	3	Enhancement	Narn Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Target a non-ambassador Narn you control. The target gains the text Narn Home Faction Ambassador's Assistant. The target cannot become your ambassador.
Attack Babylon 5	The Shadows	shadows.14	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	This conflict is opposed by Babylon 5's Influence. Babylon 5 loses 1 Influence for each fleet that is neutralized while opposing this conflict.  If successful, Babylon 5 loses 1 Influence, plus an additional influence for each 3 Shadow Marks in your faction, and you gain +1 Influence.
Attack Formation	The Great War	greatwar.20	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target 2 or more of your fleets supporting or opposing the same conflict. Each of those fleets gains +2 Military for the rest of the turn.
Attack Outpost	The Great War	greatwar.21	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another faction's non-homeworld location.  You must have a tension toward that faction of 3 or more.  Tensions between your two factions increase by 1.  If either tension was already 5, you enter a state of War. If successful, discard the target location.
Attack the Shadows	Wheel of Fire	wheel.5	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	You may not initiate this conflict if you have any Shadow Marks. target a player with Shadow Marks. Any ability may be used in this conflict. If successful, the target must transfer 1 influence to you and purge 2 Shadow Marks (or 1 Shadow Mark if that is all he has), and this conflict returns to your hand. If unsuccessful, you lose 1 power and 1 influence, and the Shadows gain 1 influence.
Attack the Underlings	Severed Dreams	dreams.11	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	You may not initiate this conflict if you have any Shadow Marks. Target a player with Shadow Marks. If successful, he must transfer 1 influence to you and purge 1 Shadow Mark.
Attacking Pawns	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.17	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target another player's supporting character. If you succeed by 5 or more, discard the target character. If you succeed by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.
Auto-Destruct	Apocrypha	apocrypha.111	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate and discard a fleet you control to apply support or opposition to target Military conflict equal to the rotated fleet’s current Military increased by its printed Military.
Automated Fleet	Crusade	crusade.23	0	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		U	Unique. Crusade. If you have at least 10 influence, you may play this fleet directly from your hand immediately after winning a Crusade conflict (as if it was an aftermath). While this fleet is supporting a Crusade conflict you may cause it to add an additional 15 support at resolution, but you must then discard it at the end of the turn and all races' tensions toward you increase by 2.
Avert Incident	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.18	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Tension levels toward your race cannot increase for the rest of the turn.
Avioki Lancer Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.75	6	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	4		F	Brakiri. Corporate. Whenever Avioki Lancer Fleet is attacked apply 1 damage to the fleet that is attacking it before resolving the attack.
Babylon 4	Collector's Edition	collector.6	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Babylon 4 conflict. Unique. If successful, each player who did not provide opposition to this conflict may place their hand back into his deck, remove up to 10 cards from their deck, add up to 10 cards to their deck from outside the game, and select a new hand of 5 cards of their choice. (They must shuffle their deck afterwards)
Babylon 5 C&C	Apocrypha	apocrypha.144	2	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		F	While this enhancement is in play, characters can oppose Military conflicts that could cause Babylon 5 to lose influence using Leadership.
Babylon 5 Fighters	The Great War	greatwar.22	6	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	3		U	Any player may sponsor this fleet at normal cost.  Babylon 5 fighters gain +5 Military while supporting a conflict that can increase Babylon 5's influence or opposing a conflict that can lower Babylon 5's influence.  Any player may rotate this fleet to support any conflict of any ability type which will lower tensions.
Babylon 5 Merchant	Anla'shok	rangers.9	5	Character	Neutral	2	1	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Multiple. If Babylon 5's influence is at least 10, you may apply 1 additional influence each turn.
Babylon 5 Unrest	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.19	6	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		R	Babylon 5 loses 1 influence each turn during the draw round.  Any player may initiate a Diplomacy conflict with 5 automatic opposition. If this conflict is successful, discard this enhancement.
Babylon 5 War Council	The Great War	greatwar.23	6	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		U	You cannot sponsor this enhancement if you have any Shadow or Vorlon Marks.  All players with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks may sponsor fleets at 1 less influence cost and their fleets repair 2 points of damage for each point of influence, rather than 1.
Babylon Emporium	Giants in the Playground	gitp.132	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Limited. Can be sponsored at -2 influence cost if Babylon 5 Influence is 10 or higher. Rotate this enhancement and discard 2 cards from your hand to restore up to 3 influence.
Backlash	The Great War	greatwar.24	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	All participant characters suffer damage equal to their Doom Marks. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Backroom Dealing	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.20	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your ambassador.  During a vote, you may alter one "abstain" vote cast by an ambassador beside the Vorlons (whether actively played or not) to a "yes" or "no".  Apply any amount of influence when you do this. Any player may apply 1 more influence than you applied to return the vote to "abstain".
Bad Hair Day	Balance of Power	balance.143	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character who participated in the conflict using an ability that isn’t their highest printed ability or isn’t tied for their highest printed ability. Reduce the ability to 1 while this aftermath is attached.
Balance	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.21	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	No player may apply more influence during this turn than the current influence rating of the least influential player.
Balance of Power	Giants in the Playground	gitp.105	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Destiny, Doom	F	Enigma. Cannot be blanked. Your ambassador gains a Destiny mark and a Doom mark. Each time one of your First One fleets attacks and neutralizes a Shadow fleet or a Vorlon fleet, gain +1 Power. Each time one of your First One fleets is discarded from play, lose 1 Power.
Balus	Psi Corps	psicorps.16	12	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		R	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate to draw a card. If neutralized, remove Balus from the game.
Bankruptcy Restructuring	Anla'shok	rangers.10	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Target your Corporate ambassador. Reveal when a conflict initiated by an opponent directly causes you to lose influence or power. The initiator must apply all unspent influence for no effect and you may draw up to 3 cards.
Baptism of War	Balance of Power	balance.141	0	Aftermath	War Conflict Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Can only be played if at least one fleet or location was attacked, or at least one fleet supported the conflict. The attached fleet gains a Strife mark. If you apply an additional 6 influence when playing this aftermath, it instead becomes a Global Enhancement that reads: “All Fleets in play gain a Strife mark. At the end of any Resolution Round, if no tension between played factions in the game is higher than 3, discard this Enhancement.”
Baraka Industries	The Telepath War	teepwar.123	2	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate.Rotate this group and target a character you control that is participating in a conflict. The target is no longer participating in that conflict.
Barker, Military Attaché	The Telepath War	teepwar.13	6	Character	Human	0	0	7	2	0		F	Psi Corps. Barker, Military Attaché will not participate in conflicts that have a Minbari participant.While this character is in your Inner Circle, he can sponsor non-Minbari fleets at -2 influence cost.
Barkken Training	Apocrypha	apocrypha.54	8	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Any Ranger character may sponsor this enhancement at -2 influence cost. Characters in your faction with an attached Weapon gain an additional Strife mark while this enhancement is in play.
Barren Worlds	Wheel of Fire	wheel.6	9	Location		0	0	0	0	25		R	Multiple. May replace a Limited location that is the Homeworld of the race controlling it, transferring all attached cards. When played, this Location becomes loyal to the race that controls it, and becomes the Homeworld of that race. Rotate this location and apply any amount of damage to it, that would not lower its Military below 5, to restore an equal amount of influence. Remove 1 point of damage from this Location during each Ready Round.
Barsoom Autonomous	The Telepath War	teepwar.76	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	When sponsoring Barsoom Autonomous, you may rotate “Mars Colony” to reduce its cost by 4 influence.Rotate Barsoom Autonomous to inflict 1 damage on any site in play.
Battered, Not Broken	Balance of Power	balance.5	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Reveal during the resolution of a conflict in which the attached character is participating. Damage applied to the character does not reduce their abilities, unless it is enough to neutralize them.
Battle Crab	Apocrypha	apocrypha.86	9	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	7		F	Any player may sponsor this fleet if they have at least 5 Shadow Marks for normal cost. This fleet has 3 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements. May only be led by Shadow characters. While attached to this fleet, Shadow Squadron enhancements are not considered Limited, and instead gain Multiple.
Battle Hardened	The Great War	greatwar.25	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet damaged in an attack. The target fleet gains +2 Military.
Battle Momentum	The Great War	greatwar.26	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a war conflict.  The target of the war conflict must have not initiated a conflict this turn.  The next fleet that rotates to oppose the conflict applies no opposition during resolution, and does not cause the conflict to become contested.
Battle Tested	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.22	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character who led a participating fleet. Increase the target's Leadership by 1.  If the target's fleet supported a Lost conflict or opposed a won conflict, the total damage he can sustain drops by 2.
Battlefield Commendation	A New Beginning	beginning.60	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant Supporting Row character. If the conflict succeeded with support equal or higher than the cost for this character to be promoted, promote it for free. Discard this aftermath after play.
Be Seeing You	Psi Corps	psicorps.17	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Target a participant character you control. The target gains a Conspiracy Mark. You may discard this aftermath at the beginning of the resolution of an opposable conflict that was won by an amount less than or equal to the highest ability currently supporting the conflict to cause the winner to gain no influence (from the conflict).
Beep Beep	A New Beginning	beginning.43	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character who attacked another participant in the conflict and that is unneutralized. While this aftermath is attached to that characer, all characters loyal to your faction may as an action attack the target using Leadership. For each character attacking the target, one character loyal to the faction of the target may as an action attack a character that performed an attack on this character. If at any time the target becomes neutralized, discard this aftermath.
Behind the Curve	The Great War	greatwar.27	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters and fleets sponsored during the rest of the turn have their abilities halved for the rest of this turn.
Belt Alliance Blockade Runner 	A New Beginning	beginning.9	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple. Fundamental. Corporate.
Belt Alliance Escort Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.4	6	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	6		F	Corporate. Fundamental. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Belt Alliance Gunboat Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.11	9	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		F	Corporate. Fundamental.
Benzer	The Vorlons	vorlons.11	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Household God. May only be sponsored by a Centauri character. Target a character sponsored this turn. Rotate the target when you sponsor this enhancement. The target's game text is blanked while Benzer is in play. No further cards can be attached to the target.
Berserker Probe	Giants in the Playground	gitp.101	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Only characters can participate in this conflict. Participants in this conflict cannot be attacked. At resolution, count the number of distinct Boldface texts on the participants. Each distinct boldface text across all supporters of a single player count as 1 support for that player. The player with the single most support gains +1 influence. The player (or players, if tied) who generates the least support loses 2 influence.
Bester	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.23	12	Character	Human	0	5	12	0	0		R	Psi Cop. You must draw 2 free cards (instead of 1) per turn while you control Bester. Bester cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Bester (anti-shadows)	The Vorlons	vorlons.12	0	Character	Human	0	2	12	2	0	Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps Starting Ambassador. Psi Cop. When revealed as your ambassador, Babylon 5 loses 4 influence. Your faction is allergic to Shadow-tainted cards and marks. Bester cannot be the first character to support a conflict unless the Shadow War is in effect.
Bester, War Criminal	The Telepath War	teepwar.93	12	Character	Human	3	3	12	2	0		F	Psi Corps. Cannot be played by a Psi Corps faction. Cannot be sponsored. May replace any version of Bester in play (even Bester, War Hero). You need not control the character being replaced. Transfer all attached cards and marks.When participating in a Psi conflict, if this character has an Illness Token, he only applies up to 6 support or opposition. Discard the Illness Token at resolution of the conflict. When participating in a Psi conflict, if this character has no Illness Token, he gains an Illness Token at resolution of the conflict.
Bester, War Hero	The Telepath War	teepwar.94	13	Character	Human	3	6	13	4	0		F	Psi Corps. Psi Cop. Cannot be sponsored. Must replace either “Alfred Bester” or “Bester, War Criminal”. Transfer all attached cards and marks. This character inflicts an additional 2 damage when attacking another character.While this character is ready, Psi Cop character have their sponsor cost reduced by 2 influence.While you have 5 Conspiracy marks, during the Conflict Round, you may initiate up to two conflicts if both of them are Psi conflicts.
Between You & The Abyss	Severed Dreams	dreams.12	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply 2 influence for each Nightwatch and Psi Corps character in your faction. All Nightwatch and Psi Corps characters in your faction gain +1 to their highest ability for each Nightwatch character in your Inner Circle while participating in a conflict.(This effect expires at the end of the turn.)
Beyond a Shadow of a Doubt	Balance of Power	balance.73	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 2 Shadow marks. Target a faction that initiated a non-Universal conflict this turn. Play a Lost Aftermath from your hand on that faction, or on any card controlled by that faction. This aftermath is discarded at the end of the Resolution Round.
Beyond the Rim	Giants in the Playground	gitp.161	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Irrevocable. Lorien must be in play and you must have 3 Destiny Marks to initiate. This conflict has automatic opposition equal to the higher of Shadow or Vorlon influence. If successful, all Vorlon characters (all versions of Lyta excepted), all other Kosh cards, all First One characters, Lorien, and all First One, Shadow and Vorlon fleets and locations are removed from the game, and such cards cannot ever (re)enter play. Any player may discard any cards they control which require Shadow or Vorlon Marks. Purge all Shadow and Vorlon Marks. The Shadow War is over. Shadow and Vorlon influence drops to zero and cannot increase. Gain +3 influence.
Big Guns	The Great War	greatwar.30	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Target any card with a Strife Mark. It gains an additional Strife Mark for the rest of the turn.
Bilagaani	The Telepath War	teepwar.15	3	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Mercenary. Rotate this group to oppose a Legal conflict by 5.Rotate this group to support an Intrigue conflict by 2.
Bio-Adaptive Shielding	Crusade	crusade.24	12	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet you control. You may target Excalibur or Victory for -12 cost. Cannot become a faction enhancement. The target gains +2 damage resistance for every 5 points of its printed Military.  Remove 2 points of damage from the target at the start of each ready round. As an action, discard this enhancement to remove all damage from the target.
Bio-Weapon Discovery	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.24	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one fleet you control. If you win by 5 or more, this conflict becomes a fleet enhancement for that fleet. During each ready round, place a bio-weapon token on the fleet. The target fleet gains +1 Military for each bio-weapon token to a maximum of +5. If you lose by 5 or more, discard one supporting or non-ambassador Inner Circle character.
Birds of a Feather	Giants in the Playground	gitp.136	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a conflict. All participants that share at least one boldface text with the conflict apply +2 support or +2 opposition during the resolution round.
Black Diamonds	The Telepath War	teepwar.55	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Out of Turn. Limited. Play when a bidding war for a Mercenary card was started by another faction. You may apply an additional 4 influence only for this bidding war.
Black Market	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.25	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement which reduces the cost for you to play or sponsor any card by 1 for each Inner Circle character you rotate when playing the card (including the sponsor).
Black Ops Consultant	The Great War	greatwar.31	6	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0		C	Rotate Black Ops Consultant and target any character.  The target character may use Leadership as Intrigue for the rest of the turn.
Black Rose Killer	Wheel of Fire	wheel.7	0	Aftermath	Won Psi	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your participant characters.  When you win a subsequent conflict, you may immediately discard this card from play to inflict 5 points of damage on a target of your choice who participated in that conflict.
Black Starfuries	A New Beginning	beginning.21	4	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	2		F	Psi Corps. Multiple. While attacking a fleet that is being led by a character without Psi, it gains a strife mark.
Blackmail	Psi Corps	psicorps.24	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. Target a non-ambassador character. If you win by 5 or more, the target's controller must do one of the following: transfer 1 influence to you, discard the target, or demote the target.
Blast Damage	A New Beginning	beginning.87	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a Neutral fleet or Corporate fleet that is being led. Apply influence equal to the Leadership of the character leading the targeted fleet. That character is no longer leading the fleet and becomes neutralized. Its controller may immediatelty apply 1 influence and rotate the neutralized leader to heal it.
Blast Doors	Apocrypha	apocrypha.149	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your ambassador. Reveal when a card effect by another player causes you to discard cards from your hand or from your deck. Negate this discard.
Blaylock	Crusade	crusade.25	9	Character	Neutral	3	3	0	1	0		R	Techno-mage. Legacy. Once per turn, immediately after a Techno-mage character you control rotates to perform an action other than participating in a conflict, you may immediately ready that character.
Blessings	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.26	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		P	Play after any conflict during which Vorlon Rescue has been played. Babylon 5 gains 3 influence.
Blind the Watchers	The Great War	greatwar.32	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to initiate.  Military may be used in this conflict.  Target a Ranger character, group or fleet.  If successful, discard the target if it is a group or neutralize the target card if it is not a group.
Blip ID Tag	A New Beginning	beginning.29	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	When sponsoring this enhancement, reveal a Teep character from your hand. Apply influence equal to the printed cost of the revealed character. This character is sponsored without the need to rotate an Inner Circle character and has this enhancement attached to it.  This character is considered a Psi Corps character.
Block	Psi Corps	psicorps.25	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a teep who is using Psi to participate in a conflict. For the rest of the turn, reduce all of the target's abilities by an amount equal to the Psi of a teep you control.
Block Progress	The Shadows	shadows.15	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Card effects allowing the transfer of influence cannot be used for the rest of the turn.
Blockade	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.27	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one race with whom you have a tension of 4 or 5. If successful, reduce the influence rating of all factions of the target race to the level at which they began the turn (to a minimum of 10). Those factions cannot gain any more influence this turn, and this conflict is returned to your hand.
Blockade Breaker	Giants in the Playground	gitp.100	6	Character	Non-Aligned	1	0	0	3	0		F	Drazi. Ranger. Blockade Breaker can use his Leadership to oppose “Blockade” conflicts. As an action, you may discard Blockade Breaker from your hand to search your deck for any version of Marcus Cole and put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards. This is considered an Event action.
Blockade Fleet	Balance of Power	balance.88	8	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	6		F	Any version of Lord Refa gains +2 Leadership while leading this fleet. He can lead this fleet even if his current Leadership is zero. While Blockade Fleet is under your control, you may initiate the “Blockade” conflict against factions with whom you have a tension of 3 or more.
Blood Oath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.28	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Target a participant character, and choose a player whose character opposed the conflict.  The target participant character gains a Strife Mark when attacking characters controlled by that player.
Bloodied but Unbowed	The Shadows	shadows.16	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a neutralized fleet.  Apply influence equal to the fleet's base military plus 1 per point of severe damage.  The fleet becomes face-up and unneutralized  with damage equal to its military minus 1.
Blow the Jump Gate	Wheel of Fire	wheel.8	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a location in another faction. If successful, this conflict becomes a Lost Aftermath on the target which blanks the location's game text. As an action, the target's controller may rotate an Inner Circle character and apply 1 influence to place a Repair Token on this Aftermath. Discard this Aftermath when the number of Repair Tokens exceeds the location's base Military.
Blue Narn	Wheel of Fire	wheel.9	7	Character	Narn	2	1	0	0	0		R	Media. Narn Agitator. Any player may sponsor Blue Narn as if he was a Neutral Character. Rotate Blue Narn to place the top card in another player's discard pile on the bottom of his deck. Instead of doing this as an action, you may do it at the end of the Ready Round, but you must apply 7 influence to do so.
Blue Socks	Apocrypha	apocrypha.71	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Target your ambassador who is either neutralized or has damage tokens. They become fully healed and are placed face-up with no damage tokens. Ready your ambassador. Until the end of the turn, your ambassador cannot participate in conflicts.
Bluff	The Great War	greatwar.33	0	Contingency		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on any card. Reveal as an action if you have not revealed Bluff this turn. Return this card to your hand.
Boardroom Coup	Anla'shok	rangers.11	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Psi may be using in this conflict. Corporate characters apply double ability at resolution. Target a non-Drakh Corporate faction. If successful, select a Corporate character in target's inner circle that has a higher printed influence cost than the target' ambassador. The selected character becomes the faction's new ambassador (if possible) and the target's controller gains +1 power.
Bogged Down	The Great War	greatwar.34	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	For the rest of the turn, any player who passes can only pass for the rest of the turn.
Bolstered Defenses	The Great War	greatwar.35	0	Contingency	Location	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal as an action when the location is the target of a conflict.  Apply 5 damage to a participant fleet of your choice.
Bomb Sleeper Factories	The Telepath War	teepwar.138	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a site you do not control. If the target is controlled by a Psi Corps faction, Psi may be used in this conflict. If successful, neutralize the site. If you win by 30 or more, you also gain +1 influence. If unsuccessful, neutralize your ambassador.
Bombing Run	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.29	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a fleet that is supporting a conflict targeting a location.  The fleet gains +5 Military for the rest of the turn.
Book of G'Quan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.30	8	Enhancement	Narn Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Limited.  Target character gains +2 Diplomacy and +1 Leadership while enhanced by this card.  Character gains a Destiny Mark.
Border Raid	The Great War	deluxe.31	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction. Only the following cards can participate in this conflict: One fleet from you and your target, and leaders for those fleets. If this conflict is uncontested, the target loses 1 influence. If you win by 5 or more, gain +1influence. Tensions between your two races increase by 1.
Border World	The Shadows	shadows.18	6	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	15		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  All Minbari fleets you control gain +1 Military while they are participating in a conflict targeting your faction, or while they are being attacked.
Brakiri Conspirator	Balance of Power	balance.105	5	Character	Non-Aligned	0	3	0	0	0		F	Brakiri. Multiple. When you sponsor this character, you may look at the top 10 cards of you deck and choose a Character contingency from them. Attach that contingency to this character and place the other cards on top of your deck in any order. In response, any faction may rotate a Legal character to force you to shuffle your deck afterwards.
Brakiri Priest	Wheel of Fire	wheel.10	6	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	0	0		R	Brakiri. Rotate Brakiri Priest and discard a Non-Aligned Character card from your hand to apply support or opposition to any conflict in play. The amount of extra support or opposition is equal to the discarded character card's (printed) rating in any one ability you choose which that character could have used in the conflict if he were in play. You may not use this ability if any version of that character is in play.
Branmer	Anla'shok	rangers.12	10	Character	Minbari	6	1	0	5	0		R	Religious Caste. Minbari Warleader. Branmer gets +1 Leadership while leading a Minbari Fleet. The Warleader's Fleet gets +1 damage resistance while being led by Branmer.
Brash Investment	The Telepath War	teepwar.124	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Can only be played if you have an Influence Rating of 6 or more. Lose 2 influence. You may apply an additional amount of influence equal to your new Influence Rating.
Breach Lab 16	The Telepath War	teepwar.61	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Requires 1 Vorlon mark. Target a site and a teep you control. That site may oppose this conflict using Intrigue. The targeted teep may participate in this conflict using Psi.If successful, the targeted teep permanently gains +2 Psi. If you win this conflict by 10 or more, your ambassador gains a Vorlon mark. If you win this conflict by 20 or more, the Vorlon influence is increased by 2.
Breach the Hull	Apocrypha	apocrypha.116	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet controlled by a faction with whom you have a tension of 3 or more. Tensions between your two factions increase by 1. Each "Breaching Pod" played targeting a character participating in this conflict adds +3 automatic support. If successful, the target fleet takes an amount of damage equal to the strength with which this conflict succeeds. If this conflict fails, increase the unrest of the initiator’s faction by 1.
Breacher Drone	Balance of Power	balance.109	7	Character	Drakh	0	3	0	2	0	Strife	F	Multiple. If this character is the rotated character for “Breaching Pod”, it gains +2 damage resistance until the end of the turn.
Breaching Pod	Severed Dreams	dreams.13	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an opponent's character that is leading a fleet. Rotate a character you control to attack the target using Leadership.
Bread and Circuses	Wheel of Fire	wheel.11	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Home Faction Ambassador. The target's controller may apply +1 additional influence each turn for every location he controls that is loyal to his race.
Break the Council	The Telepath War	teepwar.54	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Out of Turn. In reaction to a non-Ambassador Member of the Kha’ri or Grey Council Member character rotating to take an action, negate that action unless it is to sponsor or promote a card.
Breaking News	Wheel of Fire	wheel.12	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant Media Character you control. Promote the target to your Inner Circle for free, and remove all damage and severe damage tokens from the target. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
Breen	A New Beginning	beginning.31	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character’s race. Centauri: Raise the Unrest of the controller’s faction by 1. Human or Minbari: Target’s controller must apply 1 influence for no effect. Narn: Decrease the Unrest of the controller’s faction by 1. Non-Aligned: Heal 1 damage.
Brevari!	Severed Dreams	dreams.14	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character.  The effects of this event depend on the character's race.  Centauri: Gain +1 to each ability until end of turn.  Human: Gain +1 damage resistance until end of turn. Narn: Take 1 point of damage. Minbari: Gain a Strife Mark until end of turn. Non-Aligned (except Pak'ma'ra): target's controller must apply 1 influence (if possible).
Broken Allegiance	The Shadows	shadows.19	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Rotate your ambassador and target a character of your race or a neutral character controlled by another player. The character's owner must apply the character's cost in influence or discard the character.
Brother Michael	A New Beginning	beginning.32	5	Character	Human	2	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. While Brother Michael has the Ranger bold-face text, he gains +1 Diplomacy and +3 Intrigue.
Brother Sky	The Telepath War	teepwar.16	2	Character	Neutral	2	3	0	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Mercenary.While Brother Sky is in play, players cannot start a bidding war for the “Bilagaani” group. Whichever faction wins the bidding war for Brother Sky automatically wins the bidding war for the “Bilagaani” group.
Brother Theo	The Shadows	shadows.20	5	Character	Neutral	2	1	0	0	0		C	Rotate Brother Theo to allow a character who was neutralized on a previous turn to take an action (later this turn) as if he were not neutralized. The target's abilities are still considered to be 0.
Brotherly Quarrel	Balance of Power	balance.144	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Legal. Psi can be used in this conflict. When this conflict is initiated, your ambassador gains a Conspiracy mark. Target two characters that share a race or species.  If successful, this conflict becomes a Legal Lost aftermath attached to both of these characters. That aftermath reads: “While an attached character participates in a conflict, no other character with this aftermath can participate in the same conflict.” In addition, if you win this conflict by 5 or more, you may draw a card from either your deck or Crusade Pile.
Brothers in Arms	Apocrypha	apocrypha.68	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character participating in a conflict. Rotate one of your characters that is not participating in any conflict. Increase the ability of the targeted participant character used in the conflict with the same ability of the rotated character. The rotated character does not become a participant in the conflict, but cannot participate in any conflict until the end of the turn.
Bruder	Crusade	crusade.26	8	Character	Human	3	0	10	0	0		U	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. When Bruder attacks and neutralizes a neutral teep, that teep is immediately removed from the game.
Build Bridges	Psi Corps	psicorps.27	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	You may sponsor Psi Corps cards using your Destiny Marks as if they were Conspiracy Marks.
Build Infrastructure	The Shadows	shadows.21	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	You may sponsor this agenda without rotating any characters.  You may sponsor and promote characters without rotating an Inner Circle character.
Bully the Messenger	Balance of Power	balance.52	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character that was sponsored this Action Round. Rotate that character for no effect.
Bureau 13 Operative	Apocrypha	apocrypha.4	7	Character	Human	0	4	5	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Requires 3 Conspiracy marks to sponsor. While this character is in your Inner Circle, once per turn, if a Supporting Row teep character you control becomes neutralized, you may immediately promote another ready teep character for free.
Bureaucracy	The Shadows	shadows.22	7	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	When purchasing additional cards during the Draw round, the cost for the target to purchase additional cards increases by +1 Influence for each 4 cards in his hand.
Bureaucratic Controls	The Shadows	shadows.23	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		P	Requires one Shadow Mark. Target faction cannot perform a build influence action if its influence is 9 or higher (rather than 10).
Bureaucratic Infighting	The Great War	greatwar.41	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a character you control who is loyal to your race, who has a Diplomacy of 5 or more. The unrest of each other faction of your race increases by one at the end of the action round unless that faction, as an action, rotates a character of your racewith Diplomacy greater than the character you rotated.
Burnt From Both Ends	Psi Corps	psicorps.28	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Neutralize a target character who you control. You may restore influence from your applied influence to your available influence, up to the printed influence cost of the target character.
Burnt Out	Psi Corps	psicorps.29	0	Aftermath	Lost Psi	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Target a non-ambassador participant character. Target's controller can no longer use the target for any actions. The target gains a Doom Mark. Discard this aftermath if the target has no Doom Marks.
Bury Evidence	Apocrypha	apocrypha.25	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Requires 1 Shadow mark. Target your ambassador. You may reveal this contigency as an action or reveal it when another player targets one of more cards in your discard pile. Remove up to 3 cards in your discard pile from the game. You may then immediately apply 2 influence to take this contingency into your hand instead of discarding it.
Business Deal	Anla'shok	rangers.13	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Target another race with whom you have a mutual tension of 2 or less. Corporate characters supporting this conflict cannot be attacked unless you are winning by 10 or more. If successful, draw up to 4 cards and your target may draw up to 3 cards. If the conflict is succesful by 10 or more, return it to its owner's hand.
Business Plan	Anla'shok	rangers.14	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. May be sponsored for free. Cannot be played by a non-Corporate faction. At the beginning of each turn, you may place a credit token on this agenda. You may sponsor and promote Corporate cards at -1 cost. This agenda may sponsor or promote a Corporate cards as if it were an Inner Circle character.
But We're Your Allies	Wheel of Fire	wheel.13	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. You must be an ISA member to initiate this conflict. Target a non-ISA player. Participants controlled by non-ISA members have their abilities halved while participating in this conflict, including during the Action Round. If successful, the target loses 1 influence, you gain +1 influence, and no ISA members except you can gain influence next turn.
Buy Favor	The Great War	greatwar.42	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another faction.  If successful, transfer one influence from the target faction to any other faction besides your own.  If the recipient of the influence participates in the next conflict you initiate that does not target him, he may only support in that conflict.
Buy New Resources	The Great War	greatwar.43	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Draw 5 cards. Discard 2 of the cards you drew.
Buy What They Want	The Vorlons	vorlons.13	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Until the end of the turn you may rotate a Corporate character or group as an action and apply 2 influence to rotate a target character with a lower printed Influence Cost. If this conflict succeeds and it was uncontested, you gain 1 influence. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, even if it was contested, you may draw up to 2 cards.
By Any Means Necessary	Anla'shok	rangers.15	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Target an opponent. Corporate characters apply double ability at resolution. If successful, the target must apply half of their influence during the next Ready Round for no effect. In addition, if your target is a Corporate faction, the target loses 1 influence. If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain +1 influence.
Byron	Psi Corps	psicorps.30	10	Character	Neutral	2	1	11	0	0	Doom	R	Byron cannot become a Psi Corps character. No faction with a Psi Cop can sponsor Byron, and Byron's faction cannot sponsor Psi Cops. While supporting a conflict, other characters supporting the same conflict suffer half damage when attacked. While opposing a conflict, other characters opposing the same conflict suffer half damage when attacked.
Byron Gordon	The Telepath War	teepwar.113	7	Character	Human	0	2	10	1	0		F	Psi Corps. Psi Cop. Discard Byron Gordon when any player sponsors Byron. Byron Gordon cannot enter play if Byron has entered play this game.Any fleet led by Byron Gordon gains a Strife mark when it attacks a fleet led by a non-teep character.
CEO Lise Hampton Edgars	Anla'shok	rangers.22	8	Character	Human	4	3	0	0	0		U	Corporate. May replace any version of Lise with a lower printed cost transferring all attached cards and marks. May be replaced by Lise Hampton Edgars Garibaldi transferring all attached cards and marks. While this character is in your inner circle, other players can't bid on mercenary cards in your faction and your cost to sponsor enhancements is reduced by 1.
CEO William Edgars	Anla'shok	rangers.23	10	Character	Neutral	3	5	0	0	0	Doom, Conspiracy	U	Corporate. You may apply 5 influence as an action to replace this character with Williams Edgars transfering the bold-face text Corporate, all marks and attached cards. Discard all Psi Corps cards in your faction.
Cadre Prime	The Telepath War	teepwar.67	7	Group	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	0		F	Increase your unrest by 1 when sponsored. All your non-teep characters have -1 to each non-Psi ability. All your teep characters whose highest ability is 5 or less gain +1 Leadership and +1 Psi.
Caliban	The Great War	greatwar.44	7	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0		C	Rotate Caliban and target any character. The target character inflicts no additional damage due to any Strife Marks for the rest of the turn. Caliban may sustain this action. Caliban suffers 2 less damage during attacks for each Strife Mark attached to his opponent.
Calieer	Anla'shok	rangers.16	7	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	1	0		U	Religious Caste. When a conflict resolves (before totals are calculated) you may rotate Calieer to give target Religious Caste character that is participating in that conflict +2 Diplomacy, Intrigue or Leadership until the end of the conflict.
Call In A Marker	The Great War	greatwar.45	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another faction. If this conflict succeeds, you cast all votes controlled by the target in the next Babylon 5 vote. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.
Call Their Bluff	The Great War	greatwar.46	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an un-revealed contingency card.  The target contingency card cannot be revealed this turn.  If successful, discard this contingency.  If you provide more support than the targeted faction provides opposition, the targeted faction loses 1 influence.
Call of the Stars	The Vorlons	vorlons.14	2	Event	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		C	Discard a Minbari character from play to add support to a target conflict equal to the character's printed Influence Cost.
Calling the Shots	The Shadows	shadows.25	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	If the target faction has the highest initiative, that player may choose to act first during the action round instead of being the last to act. He must still act last during each other round.
Campaign for Support	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.32	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any player may be supported in this conflict.  Whichever player generates the highest total gains an influence bonus on his next turn equal to the amount by which he exceeded the next highest total. This influence may only be applied to sponsor a new character, and it does not count towards power.
Cannot Run Out of Time	Severed Dreams	dreams.15	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. You may discard this aftermath as an action to prevent all players from checking for victory this turn.
Canopy Cover	The Telepath War	teepwar.79	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a site to apply 5 opposition to a conflict that is targeting one of your characters and that you did not initiate. The site is not considered to be a participant in the conflict.
Captain Daniels	Crusade	crusade.27	5	Character	Human	1	0	0	3	0		U	You may apply +1 automatic opposition for each location you control to any conflict targeting you, or +2 automatic opposition for each location you control to a Military Conflict targeting you.
Captain Gideon	Giants in the Playground	gitp.95	10	Character	Human	3	4	0	4	0	Strife	F	Crusade. Explorer. Must replace Matthew Gideon, transferring all attached cards and marks. While Captain Gideon is leading a fleet, repair up to 1 point of damage from that fleet for free during each Resolution Round, even if that fleet was not a participant in any conflict.
Captain Ivanova	Wheel of Fire	wheel.14	7	Character	Human	4	3	1	4	0	Destiny	R	Discard Captain Ivanova if your ambassador is not Human. Must either: replace Susan Ivanova if she has 2 or more Destiny Marks, or replace Commander Ivanova. Transfer all attached cards and marks. Whenever you win a war conflict, or a Military Conflict initiated by another player that targets you is lost, gain +1 influence and reduce your Unrest by 1.
Captain Jack	Anla'shok	rangers.17	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0	Doom	U	Captain Jack cannot become an Inner Circle character. While attacking, Captain Jack inflicts additional damage equal to the combined number of Doom marks on him and his target. Any Drakh player may rotate and neutralize Captain Jack as an action to neutralize a target character that has a Doom Mark but no Shadow Marks and is not controlled by a Drakh Faction.
Captain Lochley	Crusade	crusade.28	11	Character	Human	5	3	0	4	0	Destiny	R	Crusade. Must replace your Elizabeth Lochley, transferring all attached cards and marks.  Babylon 5 has +1 influence while Captain Lochley is in play. As an action, rotate to apply support to a Crusade conflict equal to Babylon 5's influence. At resolution of any conflict targeting one of your characters, you may apply additional opposition to the conflict equal to Babylon 5's influence.
Captain Montoya	Anla'shok	rangers.18	10	Character	Neutral	1	3	0	1	0		U	Ranger. While Captain Montoya is supporting a conflict (or leading a Babylon 5 fleet that is supporting a conflict), apply +1 support at resolution for each other unneutralized Ranger character that is supporting the same conflict or leading a Babylon 5 fleet that is supporting the same conflict.
Captain Pierce	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.33	7	Character	Human	0	0	0	2	0		P	Rotate Captain Pierce and declare a target Human character.  That character is not neutralized if the fleet he is leading is neutralized.
Captain Sinclair	Severed Dreams	dreams.18	0	Character	Human	7	2	0	4	0	Destiny	R	Apply 11 influence to replace Jeffrey Sinclair, transferring all attached cards and marks. Rotate Captain Sinclair and choose a conflict that targets a player other than its initiator. Apply opposition to the conflict equal to Babylon 5's influence. Captain Sinclair gains +1 damage resistance for each of his Destiny Marks and Vorlon Marks.
Capture Rogue Element	The Telepath War	teepwar.17	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-ambassador character. If the targeted character is a teep, Psi Cop characters may participate in this conflict using Psi.If successful, reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Lost aftermath or Lost Participant aftermath. Take that aftermath into your hand. You may play up to 2 aftermaths on the target as if their controller initiated a Lost conflict in which they participated. If you win by 5 or more, gain +1 power. If you win by 15 or more, gain 1 influence instead of +1 power.
Captured Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.47	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	You must have a non neutralized participant fleet. Target a participant fleet of your race with a Military of 1. You gain control of the target fleet. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Card Shark	Anla'shok	rangers.19	3	Enhancement	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target character gets +2 Intrigue. Discard this card as an action to take the bottom card of your deck and place it in your hand or to remove the bottom card of an opponent's deck or discard pile from the game.
Carn Mollari	The Vorlons	vorlons.15	4	Character	Centauri	1	1	0	0	0		C	House Mollari. When this character is discarded from play, you may remove him from the game to draw up to 3 cards from your deck or take a Centauri card from your discard pile to your hand.
Carolyn Sanderson	A New Beginning	beginning.28	7	Character	Human	2	0	11	0	0	Doom	F	Psi Corps.  If your Ambassador is any version of Bester, Carolyn Sanderson can act as his Ambassador’s Assistant. The first time Carolyn Sanderson gains a Shadow mark, she gains an additional Shadow mark.
Carpe Diem	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.35	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Each player may only play Carpe Diem once per game. Select an event in your discard pile. Show that card to your opponents. Put that event in your hand.
Carrier Group	The Great War	greatwar.48	6	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	3		U	This fleet may be the target of any number of each squadron enhancement.  If one of your fleets participating in the same conflict as Carrier Group is neutralized, you may transfer all squadron enhancements from that fleet to the Carrier Group.
Carve Up the Galaxy	Severed Dreams	dreams.19	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	If successful, gain +1 influence, then choose another player to gain +1 influence. (You do not have to specify which player will gain influence until this conflict resolves.) No additional influence may be gained from this conflict by any means (e.g. aftermaths, homeworlds, contingencies, etc.).
Cashflow Crisis	Anla'shok	rangers.20	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate a Corporate character or group to play this card. Until the end of the action round, while any player has three or less unspent influence the only action he can take is to pass.
Casualties	The Shadows	shadows.26	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target participant supporting character suffers damage equal to the number of Doom Marks in his faction.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Casualty Reports	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.36	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Each player with a participant supporting character who led a fleet in the conflict must discard one of those characters. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Catastrophic Damage	The Shadows	shadows.27	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a fleet damaged in the conflict.  The fleet may only repair 1 point of damage per turn.  Discard this aftermath when the fleet is fully repaired.
Catch "The Blinder"	The Telepath War	teepwar.145	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a site you control. Psi can be used to participate in this conflict. Each time a teep participates in this conflict, inflict 2 damage on them. If successful, the target site gains the Legal boldface text and you may remove up to three cards from any discard pile other than your own. If at least one of the removed cards was a Neutral character, you gain +1 influence.
Catherine Sakai	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.37	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate Catherine Sakai and apply 5 influence.  Go through your deck until you find the first location.  Put the location in your hand and shuffle your deck.
Caught Between Fire and Flood	Balance of Power	balance.42	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character loses 2 Intrigue for the rest of the turn. They lose an additional 1 Intrigue for each Conspiracy Mark they have. This cannot reduce the target’s current Intrigue below 1.
Caught by the Enemy	Apocrypha	apocrypha.22	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Target a character who supported the conflict. Whenever its controller wants to rotate the character as an action, the controller needs to apply 1 influence as an additional cost. The character’s controller may discard this aftermath by having the attached character gain a Doom mark. The aftermath’s controller may add this aftermath to their hand by rotating a Grey Council Member character they control as an action.
Caught on Camera	The Telepath War	teepwar.115	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Requires 3 Conspiracy marks. You may rotate a Media character to ignore the marks requirements. Target a Supporting Row character in play whose printed Influence Cost is higher than its controller’s Influence Rating. Return that character to its owner’s hand.
Cauterized Memory	The Telepath War	teepwar.81	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Target a teep. While this aftermath is attached, they lose 2 Psi.
Cease-Fire	Psi Corps	psicorps.31	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player. If successful, neither of you may initiate a Military conflict that targets the other next turn. For each 10 by which this conflict succeeds, extend the duration of this effect by one turn.
Celebrations	Giants in the Playground	gitp.103	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		F	If your support for the conflict was greater than any other faction’s support, negate all influence and power gains from this conflict. Babylon 5 gains +1 influence for each point of power or influence negated this way, 
Celebratory Crowd	Apocrypha	apocrypha.85	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	While this group is ready, the controller of a character attacking one of your characters that is participating in a conflict must each time apply 1 influence or the attack is negated.
Censure	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.38	1	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate your ambassador and select a target fleet. Call a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, Babylon 5 gains +1 influence and the target fleet loses Military equal to half Babylon 5's influence, rounded up, to a minimum ability of 1.
Centauri Agent	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.39	4	Character	Centauri	0	3	0	0	0		F	Multiple
Centauri Aide	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.40	3	Character	Centauri	2	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple
Centauri Beta I	The Shadows	shadows.28	6	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	15		R	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Rotate and target a Centauri character with a Leadership of 0. That character has a Leadership of 3 for the rest of the turn.
Centauri Captain	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.41	3	Character	Centauri	0	0	0	2	0		F	Multiple
Centauri Celebrant	Balance of Power	balance.74	6	Character	Centauri	2	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple. During the Resolution of a conflict you initiated and that you won, you may attach Centauri Celebrant from play to your ambassador as a Won Aftermath that reads: “The character’s controller gains +1 influence while Centauri Celebrant is attached.”
Centauri Courtier	The Great War	greatwar.49	5	Character	Centauri	2	1	0	0	0		C	You may apply 1 additional influence each turn.
Centauri Dealer	Anla'shok	rangers.21	5	Character	Centauri	1	3	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Corporate. Rotate this character as an action and target an opponent with at least 1 unspent influence. The target spends 1 influence for no effect and you may restore 1 influence.
Centauri Envoy	Balance of Power	balance.76	4	Character	Centauri	3	0	0	0	0		F	While Centauri Envoy is an Inner Circle character, you may discard Centauri Envoy to reduce the influence cost for the next character you promote to the Inner Circle by Centauri Envoy’s printed Influence Cost.
Centauri Fanatic	The Great War	greatwar.50	5	Character	Centauri	0	3	0	0	0		F	Multiple. This character cannot be sponsored if there are not at least 2 Centauri Factions in the game. Centauri Fanatic may rotate to attack any Centauri character whose Intrigue is greater than 0 using Intrigue.
Centauri Festival	Psi Corps	psicorps.32	0	Contingency	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal after a successful Babylon 5 vote. Reduce the tension of all other races toward the Centauri by 1.
Centauri Prime	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.42	10	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	20		F	Centauri Homeworld. Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Centauri Prime, Isolated	Balance of Power	balance.56	10	Location		0	0	0	0	15		F	Centauri Homeworld. Wife of Londo. Must replace a Centauri Homeworld. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. This location gains +15 Military if the ISA has been formed and has at least one member. Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence. You may also spend 1 additional influence the next round.
Centauri Tailor	A New Beginning	beginning.45	4	Character	Centauri	2	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple.  Rotate Centauri Tailor as an action to reduce the cost of the next Character Enhancement you sponsor by 1.
Centauri Tea	A New Beginning	beginning.88	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your agenda. Reveal when a card controlled or played by an opponent increases your faction’s Unrest. Cancel the increase.
Centauri Telepath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.43	7	Character	Centauri	0	1	5	0	0		C	Rotate Centauri Telepath to look at 3 random cards from one player's hand.  You may place one of these cards on the top of his deck.
Centauri Tourist	Balance of Power	balance.69	5	Character	Centauri	1	1	0	0	0		F	Explorer. While you have at least 1 non-Homeworld Centauri location under your control, you may apply 1 additional influence.
Centauri War Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.73	9	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	10	Strife	F	Centauri War Fleet can only participate in conflicts you initiated against target factions with whom you are at war or in conflicts initiated by a faction with whom you are at war.
Cestus	The Vorlons	vorlons.16	5	Enhancement	Minbari Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	R	Weapon. Target a Warrior Caste character. Cannot be used with any other Weapon Enhancement. Target gains a Strife mark. You may discard this enhancement as an action and target a character in a faction towards whom you have a tension of 4 or more. Target character takes 2 damage.
Ceti 4	Balance of Power	balance.119	4	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	6		F	Corporate. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location and apply 2 influence to search your deck for any card with ‘IPX’ in its title. Reveal it and put it into your hand.
Chain of Command	The Great War	greatwar.51	0	Aftermath	Lost Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	No character in the target ambassador's faction may rotate to lead a fleet unless there is no ready character in the faction with more leadership.
Challenge Psi Corps	Psi Corps	psicorps.33	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	While this is your agenda, immediately discard any Psi Corps cards you control. Your cost to sponsor and promote teeps is reduced by 2. Every teep you control gains 1 point of damage resistance for each teep in your Inner Circle. This damage resistance is usable only when attacking or being attacked by teeps. Count each 10 Psi you have from ready characters you control as +1 power.
Change of Direction	The Shadows	shadows.29	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 4 Shadow Marks to play.  Target a player with unrest of 3 or higher.  He must reveal his current hand to you.  If he currently has an agenda in play, and has a legal replacement in his hand, you may replace it for him. If he does not have an agenda in play, you may put any legal agenda in his hand into play for him.
Change of Heart	The Great War	greatwar.52	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Sponsor a limited character of your race who is a supporting character in another faction. You must apply one and a half times the normal cost, with no cost reductions, to do so. Return all other copies of the character in play to the owners' hands.
Change of Plans	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.44	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target all of your characters who are currently participants in the one conflict. Apply 2 influence per targeted character. Ready the targeted characters. The support or opposition of those characters no longer applies to the conflict. They cannot participate in the same conflict again.
Changeling Net	The Great War	greatwar.53	10	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique.  Target a non-ambassador character.  The target may rotate this enhancement to (while rotated) either treat the enhanced character as if he had the text of another character in play or cause the enhanced character to suffer no damage when attacked.  Each time this enhancement is rotated, flip a coin.  If the result is tails, remove the character from the game.
Changing Opinion	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.45	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Move one of your own tension levels up or down 1.
Chaos Reigns	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.46	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play.   Shuffle your hand into your deck.   Draw a new hand of cards, equal in size to the number of Shadow Marks you have.  All other players with Shadow Marks may do the same.
Chaos Theory	Anla'shok	rangers.24	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Shadow marks. Target a conflict. Unless any player purges 3 Vorlon marks (when this event is played), target conflict loses all participation restrictions and all abilities may be used in it.
Charge	The Vorlons	vorlons.17	2	Event	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		C	Purge a Strife mark from your ready Narn character to purge 1 Mark of your choice from a target character with a lower printed cost than your character.
Charting the Course	The Great War	greatwar.54	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	If you have no agenda in play (hidden or not), rotate your ambassador. Select any agenda from your deck and put it into play, then shuffle your deck. Your agenda becomes a Major Agenda for as long as it remains in play.
Cheat Fate	The Great War	greatwar.55	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Purge any number of Destiny Marks from a character you control. You may purge up to twice as many Doom Marks from any combination of characters you control.
Cherubim Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.19	7	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	8		F	Enigma. Harbinger. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 4 or more Doom Marks. This fleet can only be led by Harbinger characters. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a First One participant, a Shadow-tainted participant, or a Vorlon-tainted participant. While attacking a fleet led by a character, it gains damage resistance equal to the printed Leadership of the character leading the attacked fleet.
Chief Allan	Wheel of Fire	wheel.15	9	Character	Human	3	4	0	1	0	Destiny	R	Only Human factions may play this card. Must replace Zack Allan or Mister Allan, transferring all attached cards and marks, except Conspiracy Marks. Promote Chief Allan when he enters play. Chief Allan counts +1 Intrigue for every 2 points of Babylon 5 Influence, +1 Diplomacy for every 4 points of Babylon 5 Influence, and +1 damage resistance for every 5 points of Babylon 5 Influence.
Childhood Trauma	The Telepath War	teepwar.73	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target non-ambassador character that participated in a conflict in which it was attacked, but not neutralized. The target only applies a maximum of 4 support or opposition to any conflict while this aftermath is attached. Any faction may rotate a teep they control with a current Psi rating of at least 7 to discard this aftermath.
Chiyoda-Ku, Luxury Starliner	Apocrypha	apocrypha.12	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	1		F	Corporate. You may discard any number of Credit Token to reduce the Influence Cost of Chiyoda-Ku, Luxury Starliner by an equal amount. If Chiyoda-Ku, Luxury Starliner is discarded, raise your unrest level by 1.
Chosen of God	The Great War	greatwar.56	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		R	Choose a Non-Aligned species. Your characters and locations of that species have all their printed abilities doubled. You cannot control Centauri, Human, Minbari, or Narn cards. Whenever you gain influence from a conflict and all participants from your faction in that conflict are from the selected species, gain +1 additional influence.
Chrysalis	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.47	0	Event	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Vorlon Marks and the Triluminary.  Rotate Delenn. Replace Delenn with Delenn transformed from your hand, and transfer her aftermaths and enhancements.  Your unrest increases by 2.  Neutralize Delenn transformed.
Citizen G'Kar	Severed Dreams	dreams.20	0	Character	Narn	5	4	0	3	0		R	Must either: replace your G'Kar, or replace another faction's G'Kar if that faction lost influence last turn from a conflict initiated by another player. Transfer all attached cards. Citizen G'Kar's controller has no Babylon 5 vote. Citizen G'Kar, or any fleet he leads, may participate in any conflict (using the appropriate ability), regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate.
Civil Servants	The Great War	greatwar.57	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	When a Multiple character of your race you control whose highest printed ability is 3 or less is discarded you may apply the character's influence cost to place him in your hand instead of the discard pile.
Civilian Bulk Freighter	A New Beginning	beginning.6	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple. Fundamental. Corporate. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Civilian Passenger Liner	A New Beginning	beginning.8	2	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	1		F	Multiple. Corporate. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Civilian Tanker	A New Beginning	beginning.5	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	2		F	Multiple. Corporate. Cannot support or attack. Rotate to enhance any other Corporate fleet. While this fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Claim Their Place	The Vorlons	vorlons.18	0	Conflict	Human Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		C	Diplomacy may be used in this conflict. When initiated, remove all "Finish the War" in play from the game.  If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement with the text: "Your Influence Rating is +1 while this enhancement is in play. You may discard this enhancement as an action to target and rotate up to 3 Minbari fleets."
Claim Voting Rights	A New Beginning	beginning.78	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Can only be initiated by a Home Faction. If successful, your faction gains control of the Babylon 5 Vote for your Race. If that vote was being controlled by another faction of your race, they lose it.
Claims of Legitimacy	The Telepath War	teepwar.131	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a character in a supporting row that can be legally promoted. Kha’Ri characters and Grey Council Member characters apply +2 support or opposition. If successful, promote the target for free. The faction that provided the most support for this conflict may apply 2 additional influence the next turn. If this conflict succeeds by 15 or more, you gain +1 Power.
Clan Fleet	Balance of Power	balance.90	7	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Once per turn, as an action you may discard any number of Chaos Tokens from any number of characters you control to repair an amount of Damage Tokens on this fleet equal to the amount of discarded Chaos Tokens.
Clandestine Deal	Balance of Power	balance.44	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal characters cannot participate in this conflict. If successful, you may reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Character enhancement. You may immediately sponsor this enhancement without paying its influence cost.
Clear Purpose	A New Beginning	beginning.49	1	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your agenda. If this agenda allows for the initiating of a conflict by applying influence, this cost is reduced by 2 influence ( to a minimum of 1). To discard or replace this agenda, you must apply an additional 1 influence.
Cloak and Dagger	The Great War	greatwar.58	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 1 influence for each character you control who has a Intrigue greater than 0. For the rest of the turn, all those characters gain +1 Intrigue. For the rest of the turn, all characters you control lose 1 Diplomacy and 1 Leadership.
Cloud of Doom	The Great War	greatwar.59	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	For the rest of the turn, every character who rotates suffers 1 damage for each Doom Mark attached to that character.
Coat With Vibralite	The Telepath War	teepwar.48	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a site you control. This site gains +2 Intrigue.
Coded Alpha Files	Apocrypha	apocrypha.5	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Target a Psi Corps  teep. Reveal when the teep is targeted by an event that would rotate it. Cancel that event unless the event requires Vorlon marks to play.
Coincidence	The Great War	greatwar.60	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target an event played since your last action. Apply 3 more influence than the amount applied for the target event. You must meet all other requirements to play the target event. This card gains the effect text of the target event (as if you had appliedthe same amount of influence as the original player).
Cold Equations	The Telepath War	teepwar.135	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a Supporting Row character controlled by the initiator of the conflict that was demoted this turn. Neutralize that character.(Discard this aftermath after play.)
Cold Shower	Apocrypha	apocrypha.26	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you do not control. Apply influence equal to the highest ability of that character. Discard a contingency attached to that character.
Collaboration	Crusade	crusade.29	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Crusade. Legacy. Target another player.  If successful, the target gains +1 power, you gain +1 influence, and all other players lose 1 power.
Collar Gun	Crusade	crusade.30	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Explorer. Target a non-ambassador character who was neutralized by one of your Corporate, Crusade, or Explorer characters during the conflict. The target of this aftermath cannot attack any card controlled by the player who played this aftermath, or participate in conflicts initiated by that player without that player's permission.
Collision Imminent	A New Beginning	beginning.89	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet that is adding its Military to another fleet or enhancing it in any other fashion (extra damage, damage resistance, ...). It is no longer providing this enhancement or Military bonus to the target fleet.
Colonel Ari Ben Zayn	Balance of Power	balance.9	9	Character	Human	0	4	0	4	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Legal. Once per turn, you may rotate a teep you control as an action to have Colonel Ari Ben Zayn gain a bonus to his Intrigue equal to half the current psi of the rotated teep. This action cannot be sustained.
Colonel Tiffany Rabock	Apocrypha	apocrypha.0	8	Character	Human	2	3	0	3	0		F	When Colonel Tiffany Rabock is sponsored, purge a Conspiracy mark from any character in play.
Colonial Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.48	4	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Colonial Fleet (Human)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.49	4	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Colonial Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.50	6	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	6		F	Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Colonial Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.51	4	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Colonist Ship	Balance of Power	balance.127	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	1		F	Rotate this fleet to reduce the influence cost of the next Neutral character your promote to the Inner Circle by 2.
Combat Experience	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.52	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Participant character gains +1 Leadership.
Combined Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.61	9	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	8		R	Multiple.  Chose one of the following three abilities when this fleet is sponsored: 1: When this fleet attacks or is attacked, before the attack is resolved, inflict one point of damage on the other fleet. 2: Characters gain +2 Leadership while leading this fleet. 3: This fleet applies +4 opposition during resolution if opposing a conflict targeting you.
Come Join Us	Psi Corps	psicorps.35	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate to initiate a Psi Conflict targeting another agenda in play. Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, the agenda gains a Conspiracy Mark (which it confers to that faction's ambassador). Any agenda that gives a bonus to power gives you the same gain of power that it gives to its controller, up to a limit equal to the number of Conspiracy Marks on such an agenda.
"Comedy"	A New Beginning	beginning.54	7	Character	Human	3	0	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Media. While "Tragedy" is under your control and unneutralized, "Comedy" can use his Diplomacy in Intrigue conflicts.
Comfort an Agitated Mind	Giants in the Playground	gitp.107	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	All characters may use their Diplomacy to oppose a target Psi conflict.
Command Ship	The Great War	greatwar.62	5	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	2		R	Rotate this fleet and target any other fleet.  The target fleet inflicts +2 damage during attacks for the rest of the turn.
Commandeer Vessel	A New Beginning	beginning.27	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 2 Conspirary marks. Target a ready fleet. Military can be used to oppose this conflict. The targeted fleet can only participate in this conlict to oppose it. If the conflict is successful by 5 or more, it becomes an aftermath under the control of the conflict initiator, attached to the target, reading "Discard this attachment as an action to have the fleet participate in a conflict as if it were yours."  
Commerce Raiding	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.53	7	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	All Free Trade states are suspended (they are not in effect), and your faction has +1 influence rating while Commerce Raiding is in play. Any player may initiate a Military conflict with 10 automatic opposition. If this conflict is successful, discardthis enhancement.
Commercial Freighter Pilot 	A New Beginning	beginning.84	5	Character	Neutral	0	0	0	2	0		F	Multiple. Corporate.  May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Commerical Freighter Pilor gains +1 Leadership while leading Corporate fleet.
Commercial Stasis Bubble	Balance of Power	balance.106	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Rotate this enhancement as an action and reveal an event card from your hand. Apply influence equal to the influence cost of the revealed event. Place the revealed event card face-up under this enhancement. Rotate this enhancement as an action, apply 1 influence, and discard an event card placed under it. Immediately play the discarded event without paying its influence cost.
Commercial Telepaths	Psi Corps	deluxe.54	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Commercial Telepaths. That character gains a bonus to his Diplomacy equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.
Communications Blackout	The Vorlons	vorlons.19	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	While this conflict is in play, no player can take any cards into their hands in any way until the end of the action round. If this conflict succeeds, draw up to 3 cards. If it succeeds by 5 or more, return this conflict to your hand at the end of the Resolution Round or blank an Agenda until the beginning of next turn.
Community Life	Balance of Power	balance.122	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Count each two of your ready groups with a printed cost of 8 or more as 1 power. Rotate this agenda during the Conflict Round to initiate an additional Diplomacy conflict. If successful, reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a group. Take that group into your hand and shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck.
Compatible Goals	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.55	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, this card becomes aftermath targeting your ambassador.  Your ambassador may sponsor characters from any race whose ambassador is not in play at 2 less influence cost.
Compensation	Severed Dreams	dreams.22	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player's Agenda or Major Agenda that is currently providing a power bonus to its controller. Any ability may be used in this conflict. If successful, call a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, discard the target, and if the conflict succeeded by 15 or more, the target's controller may not bring a copy of the target into play for the rest of the game. If the vote passes, the target's controller gains +1 influence for every player who supported the conflict.
Competing Interests	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.56	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate all of your characters with Vorlon marks.  You cannot play any other cards requiring Vorlon marks this turn.  All players must purge a number of Vorlon marks equal to half the number of Vorlon marks you have (round up).
Compile Medical Reference	Balance of Power	balance.148	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Target another faction from a different race than yours with whom you have a mutual tension of 3 or less and no Medical Exchange state. Medical characters apply +2 support at resolution while participating in this conflict. If successul, you have a Medical Exchange state with each other. While this state is in effect, both factions may apply an additional influence each turn for each character they control of the race with whom they have a Medical Exchange state.
Complete Support	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.57	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Each character of your race gains +1 Diplomacy while this conflict is being resolved. If this conflict succeeds by at least five times your unrest, alter one of your tensions to any level you desire.
Concealed Fighting Pike	Anla'shok	rangers.25	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Ranger. Target a Ranger or Minbari character. Reveal when the target attacks or is attacked. This card becomes a Character Enhancement that reads: "Ranger Weapon. Can't be used with any other Weapon Enhancement. Character gains a Strife mark. Character gains an additional Strife mark while participating in an Intrigue conflict."
Concentrated Effort	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.59	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	You may initiate a second conflict during next turn's conflict round. This second conflict must be from a conflict card.
Condemn Deportations	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.69	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another race. If this conflict is successful, the tensions of all races toward the target race increase by 1. If any race was already at 5 tension toward the target race when this tension increase occurred, each faction of the target race loses 1influence.
Confined for 60 Days	A New Beginning	beginning.59	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a participant character of the initiator’s faction that attacked during the conflict. If the conflict was lost by 5 or more, rotate this aftermath after attaching it. During the ready round, if this aftermath is rotated, ready it instead of the attached character. If the aftermath was ready, discard it instead of readying the attached character.
Confirmation of Purpose	Giants in the Playground	gitp.134	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark. Play as your first action on target non-Universal conflict you initiated. If the conflict succeeds, target one of your participant characters and search your deck for a character that could replace the target. Take it into your hand, and shuffle your deck afterwards. If the target has a Destiny mark or a Vorlon mark, your ambassador gains a Vorlon mark.
Confiscated Contraband	Balance of Power	balance.50	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a Character enhancement attached to a participant character that is controlled by the initiator of the conflict. Discard the enhancement. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Conflicting Desires	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.60	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate all your characters with Shadow Marks.   You cannot play any other cards requiring Shadow Marks this turn.   All players must purge a number of Shadow Marks equal to half the number of Shadow Marks you have (rounded up).
Conflicting Loyalties	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.61	10	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Sponsor a limited character someone else has in play.  Both copies of the character become rotated supporting characters.  Whoever applies the most influence to promote the character on the next turn keeps the character, the other discards him (both discard if tied).  You must apply at least the amount you would normally require to promote the character.
Confrontation	The Great War	greatwar.63	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reveal when a participant fleet is attacked.  No more fleets may support the conflict while any un-neutralized fleet is opposing it.  No more fleets may oppose the conflict while any unneutralized fleet is supporting it.
Confusion in Chaos	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.62	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play.   The action round ends.  Apply any amount of influence when played.  When played, any player may apply more influence than you applied to continue the round.
Conquered Holding	The Shadows	shadows.31	5	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	5		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location to reduce the cost of the next card you sponsor by 1. If this location is conquered, the conquering player can make use of this cost reduction ability as well.
Conquest Fleet	Wheel of Fire	wheel.16	7	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	7		U	Each time this fleet attacks and neutralizes another fleet, place a number of Chaos tokens on this fleet equal to half the other fleet's printed Military. Remove a Chaos Token from this fleet to negate one State of Free Trade for the rest of this turn.
Conscription	The Great War	greatwar.64	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Lose 1 power.  Increase your unrest by 1.  Go through your deck and find the first card of your race that you could sponsor. Sponsor that card for free.  Shuffle your deck.
Consolidated Position	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.63	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Only members of your race may participate in this conflict. If the conflict is uncontested and support exceeds at least your unrest times 5, this card becomes an aftermath targeting your ambassador.  While in effect, no other player may play aftermath cards targeting your ambassador.
Conspiracy!	Psi Corps	psicorps.37	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	C	Target character you control gains a Conspiracy Mark. You may look at one randomly-selected card in another player's hand.
Constant Change	Balance of Power	balance.48	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. When you replace an agenda, restore up to 2 influence.
Constructing the Future	Giants in the Playground	gitp.84	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Can’t be played if the ISA exists. Can”t be played by a Shadow-tainted faction. Reveal a Babylon 5 fleet or ISA fleet from your hand and place it under this conflict. If successful, this conflict becomes a Faction aftermath that reads “Discard this aftermath and sponsor the revealed fleet as if you were an ISA member.” If you win this conflict by 10 or more, you may apply 2 additional inflience next turn that can only be used to sponsor fleets. If unsuccessful, place the revealed fleet in your discard pile.
Consult the Dead	Giants in the Playground	gitp.142	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Rotate Lorien or a Soul Hunter character and target a character from your discard. Remove that character from the game and apply automatic support or opposition to a conflict equal to any printed ability of the target character that could be used in the conflict.
Consultants	The Great War	greatwar.65	6	Group	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		R	You may play Limited, non-Unique character cards as contingencies to this group.  If that character is not in play (and you could sponsor him), you may apply half the printed cost of the character to put it into play as your supporting character.  That character cannot attack.  At the end of the Resolution Round, if he is not neutralized or discarded, return him, face-down, to this card.
Consumed by Shadows	The Shadows	shadows.32	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target faction must have 5 or more Shadow Marks, and must have a lower Influence rating than the Shadows. The target must discard all fleets, locations and one non-Ambassador character with the most possible Shadow Marks. The faction loses 3 Influence and the Shadows gain +1 Influence.  The player may purge all his Shadow Marks.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Contact First Ones	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.64	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		P	Play only after the Great Machine conflict, if either you or Babylon 5 gained influence.  Target one character with a Shadow Mark. Convert all the character's Destiny Marks to Doom Marks. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Contact with Shadows	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.65	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	C	The Shadows gain 1 influence. Target character you control gains a Shadow Mark.
Contact with Vorlons	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.66	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	The Vorlons gain 1 influence. Target character you control gains a Vorlon Mark.
Contest the Presidency	Wheel of Fire	wheel.17	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Only an ISA member may initiate this conflict. Target the ISA President Enhancement. If successful, move the ISA President Enhancement to a legal target of your choice (take it from a discard pile if necessary), and the player who controlled the ISA President during the Conflict Round must skip the Ready Round next turn.
Continued Progress	Psi Corps	psicorps.38	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	If only one player wins a conflict next turn, he gains +1 influence during that turn's draw round.
Contract	The Vorlons	vorlons.20	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Can only be sponsored by a Narn character. Target a character who has a Doom makr or who has attacked this turn. Target gains a Doom mark. Target can be attacked by Narn characters using Intrigue. Discard this enhancement if the target is neutralized.
Control Sphere	Balance of Power	balance.124	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage character and target a ready fleet. If the fleet’s current Military is equal to or less than double the current Intrigue of the rotated Techno-mage, rotate the targeted fleet for no effect.
Convene the Grey Council	Psi Corps	psicorps.39	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Each player may rotate any number of Grey Council Members who he controls when this card is played. If the number of Grey Council members who rotate is higher than the highest Minbari unrest level, reduce the unrest of all Minbari players by 1.
Convincing Words	The Shadows	shadows.33	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character.  The target character takes only half damage when attacked with Diplomacy this turn.
Cooperative Measure	Wheel of Fire	wheel.18	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Target all ISA members. Each target player may apply additional influence next turn equal to twice the number of target players. This event cannot be played more than once per turn.
Coordinated Fire	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.67	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate two of your fleets who can participate in the same conflict. Both fleets attack a participant fleet of your choice, but the attacked fleet only damages one of your two fleets (of his choice) in return.
Coplann	Wheel of Fire	wheel.19	11	Character	Minbari	7	4	0	4	0		U	Warrior Caste. Grey Council Member. May replace Hedronn, transferring all attached cards and marks. Remove Hedronn from the game. You must purge one of your Vorlon Marks (if you have any) when Coplann enters play. When attacked, Coplann has +1 damage resistance for each Warrior Caste character in your Inner Circle.
Corporate Connections	Wheel of Fire	wheel.20	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Reveal when you have 8 or less influence and you rotate to build influence. Gain +1 influence. If this card is in your starting hand, it does not count as a Contingency for starting hand selection purposes.
Corporate Espionage	Anla'shok	rangers.26	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate an inner circle Corporate character to play this conflict. Psi may be used in this conflict. Target an opponent. If you succeed, the target randomly discards a card from his or her hand. If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain 1 power.
Corporate HQ	Anla'shok	rangers.27	8	Location		0	0	0	0	3		R	Multiple. Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Place 1 Credit Token on this location each Ready round and each time you win a conflict. Rotate this location and discard X Credit Tokens to have a non-Corporate character or group you control with a printed cost of X or less gain the boldface text Corporate. Location's Military may only be used to oppose a conflict targeting this location.
Corporate Troublemaker	Balance of Power	balance.92	5	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0		F	Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. When opposing a Legal conflict, this character applies double Intrigue during resolution.
Corporations Go On	Crusade	crusade.31	3	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Target your faction. You cannot play Defense in Depth. Discard this card if Defense in Depth is your agenda. If you control more locations than any other player, no conflicts may target your faction or your race, although cards you control maystill be targeted by conflicts.
Corrupted Destiny	The Shadows	shadows.34	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one character.  If successful, and for every additional 10 by which this conflict succeeds, the target must purge one Destiny Mark.  If he has no Destiny Marks remaining, he must gain Doom Marks instead.
Cosmopolis	Wheel of Fire	wheel.21	9	Location		0	0	0	0	20		U	Multiple. May replace a Limited location that is the Homeworld of the race controlling it, transferring all attached cards. When played, this Location becomes loyal to the race that controls it, and becomes the Homeworld of that race. Rotate to draw 5 cards from your deck, then place 4 of those cards back on top of your deck without changing their order.
Council Member Tal	The Telepath War	teepwar.109	9	Character	Non-Aligned	6	1	0	1	0	Destiny	F	Hyach Ambassador. May not start in play. Must replace Miziri Tal. Cannot have aftermaths played on her by other factions.Whenever one of your participant characters is attacked, Council Member Tal may purge a Destiny mark to prevent all damage to both attacking and attacked characters.
Councilor La'shan	Wheel of Fire	wheel.22	7	Character	Drakh	8	3	4	3	0	2x Shadow	U	Drakh Ambassador. When sponsored, you may search through your deck and take one Drakh card of your choice into your hand. If another player controls Councilor La'shan, you may discard this card from your hand as an action to search your deck and take a different Drakh Ambassador into your hand. If a fleet led by Councilor La'shan is neutralized, Councilor La'shan is not neutralized.
Councilor Na'Far	Severed Dreams	dreams.23	0	Character	Narn	7	3	0	0	0		R	Replace Na'Far if he is your ambassador and each race being played has a tension toward you of 3 or less. Transfer all attached cards and marks. Councilor Na'Far gains +1 damage resistance for every player whose race has a tension toward you of 2 or less. Count +1 power for each race being played with whom you have mutual tensions of 1. All characters you control are loyal to the Narn race (ignore their other racial loyalties). You may not count power from race-specific agendas.
Counterintelligence	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.68	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple.  Rotate and target an Intrigue conflict.  Your characters participating in that conflict take half damage, rounded up, when attacked
Coup de Grace	The Shadows	shadows.35	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply 10 influence to initiate this conflict.  All abilities may be used in this conflict.  Target a player with whom you are at war, who has 5 Influence or less.  If successful, the target must unconditionally surrender to you.
Court the Rebellious	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.70	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	If you win the conflict by 5 or more, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement for you which, when you sponsor a character loyal to a race beside your own, reduces the character's cost by his race's unrest.
Courtly Intrigue	Severed Dreams	dreams.24	0	Agenda	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		C	May only be sponsored by a Home Faction Ambassador. If your race has no vote in Babylon 5 votes, you may cast the vote for your race. You may sponsor cards as if 2 factions of your race were in play. All Lords and Ladies you control gain +1 Intrigue. While your ambassador is a Prime Minister or Emperor, he gains +3 Diplomacy and a Destiny Mark.
Covering Weaknesses	The Shadows	shadows.36	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Move an enhancement on a card you control to any other card you control that is a valid target for the enhancement.
Covert Allies	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.71	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target character gains a bonus to his Intrigue equal to half his Diplomacy (excluding any bonus from Power Posturing), rounded up. This bonus is recalculated each determine initiative step.
Covert Strike	Giants in the Playground	gitp.15	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Limited. Requires 2 Shadow marks. Reveal a Shadow or Drakh fleet from your hand to inflict an amount damage on a fleet participating in a conflict equal to half the printed Military of the revealed fleet.
Covert Strike Fleet	Balance of Power	balance.108	7	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	6		F	At the end of the Resolution Round, if at least one fleet was neutralized by this fleet, even when this fleet is neutralized, Babylon 5 loses 1 influence.
Covert Vorlon Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.11	11	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	10		F	Enigma. Any player with 8 or more Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect.This fleet has 3 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Vorlon enhancements. May only be led by Vorlon characters. When attacked, ignore all Strife marks on the fleet attacking Covert Vorlon Fleet. Once per turn, as an action you may discard any number of cards from your hand that picture a Vorlon mark. For each card discarded this way, Covert Vorlon Fleet gains +2 Military until the end of the turn.
Crash Landing	Apocrypha	apocrypha.30	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-neutralized fleet. Rotate a location you control with double or more current Military than the current Military of the targeted fleet. This fleet rotates for no effect and takes 1 damage, which cannot be ignored or reduced.
Crawling Chaos	Wheel of Fire	wheel.23	0	Event	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		C	Discard any number of Chaos Tokens when you play this card. The cost for your next sponsor or promote action this turn is reduced by 2 for every Chaos Token you discard. You may apply 3 influence to draw a card.
Create Common Ground	The Vorlons	vorlons.21	4	Event	Human	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal cards from the top of your Deck until you reveal a card that is loyal to a race other than your own, then take it into your hand. Shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Create Tachyon Rift	The Vorlons	vorlons.22	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Enigma. You must rotate your Epsilon III to play this conflict and you must have at least 5 Enigma cards in your discard pile. When this conflict resolves, remove your discard pile from the game. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, each opponent swaps their deck and discard pile, then shuffles their deck. Any player may remove from the game all their Inner Circle characters except their ambassador to cancel this effect for all players. If this conflict fails, discard the top 10 cards of your deck.
Create the Future	The Vorlons	vorlons.23	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 2 Vorlon marks. Diplomacy can be used in this conflict. When initiated, target and blank a Shadow-tainted agenda or an agenda controlled by a faction with at least one Doom mark until the end of the turn. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, the Vorlon Influence is increased by 1. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you gain 1 influence.
Credit Chip	The Shadows	shadows.37	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target character may discard this enhancement to reduce the influence cost of an action by 2.
Crisis Talks	The Vorlons	vorlons.24	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	To play this conflict you must discard a Supporting Row character. Target an opponent with whom you have a mutual tension of at least 4. When initiated, target opponent must discard a Supporting character from play. If this conflict succeeds and is uncontested, the targeted opponent must transfer 1 influence to you. If this conflict fails, you must transfer 1 influence to the targeted opponent.
Crisis of Self	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.72	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot target an ambassador. Rotate target participant character if he is ready.  Owner must apply twice the character's influence cost to ready him. Discard this aftermath when this cost is applied.
Critical Energy Drain	Balance of Power	balance.145	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a location controlled by the initiator of the conflict. Rotate target location. The location cannot ready or repair while this aftermath is in play. At the end of each turn after this one, add a Drain Token to this aftermath. If this aftermath ever has more than 1 Drain Token, discard this aftermath. The targeted location’s controller may permanently lose 1 influence as an action to discard this aftermath and ready the attached location.
Crowded Places	Giants in the Playground	gitp.57	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a Soul Hunter character you control. The rotated character gains a Doom mark. All characters in play immediately take 1 damage. All Soul Hunter characters in play take an additional damage.
Crusade	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.73	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	If successful, Babylon 5 gains +1 influence and this conflict gets returned to your hand.
Crystal Cities	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.74	6	Enhancement	Minbari Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this enhancement and apply influence.   For each 3 influence you apply, add +1 support or opposition to one Diplomacy conflict.
Cult of Personality	Severed Dreams	dreams.25	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one of your participant Inner Circle characters who has a Destiny Mark. You may rotate this aftermath to sponsor a card as if the target was sponsoring it. If the target is neutralized, discard this aftermath.
Cultural Connections	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.75	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		P	Play on your ambassador after a successful conflict where you and another race both supported the conflict and the other race gained influence.  Your ambassador may now sponsor characters of the other race at -2 influence cost.
Cultural Dispute	Balance of Power	balance.79	0	Conflict	Non-Aligned Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. This conflict can be supported using Diplomacy. This conflict can be opposed using Intrigue. Drazi characters participating in this conflict gain a Strife mark until the end of the Resolution Round. If successful, you gain +1 influence. If you win by 5 or more and at least three partipants have been neutralized you gain an additional +1 influence.
Cut Supply Lines	The Great War	deluxe.76	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Intrigue to support or oppose a target Military conflict.
Cyborg Reconstruction	Psi Corps	psicorps.40	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Target a non-Unique supporting character you control. When you sponsor this card, you may reduce any one of the target's base abilities to raise another non-zero base ability by an equal amount. Each Ready Round, place a damage token on the character. This damage cannot be healed in any way. If the target is neutralized, remove him from the game. This enhancement cannot be targeted by events.
Cycle of Violence	The Vorlons	vorlons.25	0	Contingency	Narn Character	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Target you ambassador. Reveal when it is not your action and your Narn character that is participating in a conflict becomes neutralized. Neutralize a target character or fleet that is participating in the same conflict. Your ambassador gains a Doom mark.
Cyclops Cruiser Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.22	8	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	7		F	Psi Corps. Explorer. The first time this fleet participates in an Explorer conflict, it gains a Doom mark. While supporting the "Explore Vorlon Space" conflict, this fleet applies +5 Military at resolution.
Cynthia & Rosa	Psi Corps	psicorps.41	7	Character	Neutral	1	0	5	0	0		U	Cynthia & Rosa's abilities are not reduced by damage, unless the damage is enough to neutralize this character.
Cynthia Allen	A New Beginning	beginning.67	6	Character	Neutral	1	3	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Rotate this character and discard a Character Enhancement you control to restore influence equal to the printed Influence Cost of the discarded enhancement
Cynthia Teegarden	Balance of Power	balance.113	5	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		F	Rotate Cynthia Teegarden and target a character. Put an Informant Token on the targeted character. Discard that Token at the end of the turn. While Cynthia Teegarden is unneutralized, treat Informant Tokens as if they were Legal Lost aftermaths.
Cypher	Apocrypha	apocrypha.2	7	Character	Human	0	5	6	1	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Requires 2 Conspiracy marks to sponsor. All Conspiracy mark card play requirements are reduced by 2 ( to a minimum of 1).
D'Vordo	Apocrypha	apocrypha.43	4	Enhancement	Narn Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. Once per turn, you may apply any amount of influence. The attached fleet repairs 2 points of damage for each influence applied.
DNA Programming	The Vorlons	vorlons.34	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	U	Your Ambassador gains a Vorlon mark. Your teep characters gain +1 Psi for each Vorlon mark they have. If you control no Vorlon characters, you can sponsor Vorlon characters at normal cost. Count +1 Power to a maximum of 5 for each ready teep character with a Vorlon mark in your Inner Circle.
Daltron VII	Giants in the Playground	gitp.63	7	Location	Drakh	0	0	0	0	4		F	Crusade. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Daltron VII to place a Testsite Token on it. Rotate Datron VII and remove all Testsite Tokens to either support a conflict requiring Shadow marks, oppose a conflict requiring Vorlon marks or oppose an ISA conflict by an amount equal to the number of removed Tokens. This does not cause Daltron VII to become a participant.
Damage Control Team	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.78	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple.   Rotate and target one of your fleets.   That fleet takes half damage, rounded up, when attacked for the rest of the turn.
Damaged from Within	The Shadows	shadows.38	5	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	While any player's unrest is at 5, he can be targeted with Lost aftermaths even if the resolving conflict was Won.
Dan Randall	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.79	7	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate Dan Randall and apply 3 influence to force another player to apply 4 influence (for no effect).
Danger Afoot	Balance of Power	balance.25	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action on target Intrigue conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, inflict 2 points of damage on the participant with the highest currrent Intrigue. If multiple participants are tied for highest Intrigue, inflict 2 damage on all tied participants.
Danger Sense	Psi Corps	psicorps.42	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play on a teep. Reveal when this teep is attacked. No damage is applied (to either participant). (The attacker remains rotated.)
Dangerous Game	Wheel of Fire	wheel.24	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a conflict. All participants who are opposing the conflict apply additional opposition and gain additional damage resistance while being attacked this turn equal to one less than the initiator's unrest.
Dark Dreams	Anla'shok	rangers.28	0	Aftermath	Drakh Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Drakh Ambassador. Rotate this aftermath to give target Drakh Ambassador +1 to all abilities or to ignore the ISA power requirement. This cannot be sustained.
Dark Legacy	Wheel of Fire	wheel.25	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	When you play a non-agenda card, you may play it as if Shadow Influence was equal to the number of Shadow Marks in your faction.
Dark Star	The Vorlons	vorlons.26	6	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. If you are a Corporate faction, your agenda gains 5 credit tokens when you sponsor this card. Whenever Babylon 5 Influence increases, each player may rotate a Corporate character or group to draw a card.
Dark Star Dancer	Balance of Power	balance.135	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Corporate Faction only unless “Dark Star” is in play. Rotate this character as an action and target another non-ambassador character. Until the end of the turn, the targeted character can only participate in conflicts if its controller applies 2 influence as an additional cost.
Dark of Xibalba	The Telepath War	teepwar.85	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Play as your first action on target conflict. Reveal when one of your participant characters is neutralized by an attack or action from another faction. Discard the neutralized character and apply support equal to the discarded character highest printed ability to the conflict. If the target was neutralized by an attack, the attacker gains a Doom mark.
Davala Than	Balance of Power	balance.118	8	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	10		F	Medical. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Davala Than as an action and target a conflict. All participants in that conflict heal one point of non-severe damage.
David	Psi Corps	psicorps.44	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	4	0	0		C	David many only participate in conflicts  initiated by you, or that target you or a card in your faction.
David Martell	Giants in the Playground	gitp.24	7	Character	Human	2	0	0	4	0	Strife	F	Ranger. Explorer. David Martell can be sponsored by any Ranger character at normal cost. Once per game, you may rotate David Martell and apply 5 influence to search your deck for a Ranger fleet and take it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
David Sheridan	Apocrypha	apocrypha.117	4	Character	Human	2	0	0	0	0		F	When sponsored, if your ambassador is any version of John Sheridan, remove up to one aftermath attached to your ambassador.
David Williams	Giants in the Playground	gitp.144	4	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		F	Crusade. Medical. Discard David Williams from play (even if rotated) to prevent being eliminated from the game by a card controlled or played by another faction.
Dawn of a New Age	Anla'shok	rangers.29	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Can't be played if the ISA exists. Target all factions with whom you have mutual tension of 1 who are eligible to join the ISA. Apply more diplomacy than their combined power. The ISA forms with you as the founder and all targets as members. Place the Interstellar Alliance Aftermath in play (from anywhere in or out of the game if necessary).
Day of the Dead	The Great War	greatwar.68	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. All players may return to play one character from their discard pile into their supporting row. If limited, that character cannot currently be in play. The character may act normally. Discard all these characters at the end of the turn.
Death Incarnate	Crusade	crusade.32	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	If you have less than 10 influence when you sponsor this card, gain +1 influence when you sponsor it. Target any version of Ivanova, Vir, Na'Toth, or Lennier. Only the target's controller may target him/her with events. As an action, rotate this enhancement and apply influence equal to the printed cost of the target to search your deck for a character that could replace the target and take it into your hand. No player may target you with Doomed Expedition as his next action.
Death Walker	The Vorlons	vorlons.28	10	Character	Neutral	4	3	0	4	0		R	Unique. Dilgar. Warleader. May replace Jha'Dur, transferring all attached cards and marks. When this character enters play, you may target and discard an aftermath that is not Vorlon-tainted. If you do so, you may then search your deck for a copy of the "Immortality Serum" conflict and take it into your hand. Reshuffle your deck afterwards.
Death of Culture	Crusade	crusade.33	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player who gained power or influence from a conflict he initiated which had a restriction on which races or factions could participate. This aftermath raises the minimum Unrest for factions of the target's race by +1 and raises the cost by +2 for players of the target's race to sponsor characters of that race who have printed Diplomacy. The target may (permanently) blank this card's text by discarding 15 cards from his hand.
Death of Kosh	The Great War	greatwar.69	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Your ambassador must have 5 of the same type of mark for you to initiate this conflict.  Psi may be used in this conflict. Target Kosh Naranek, Ambassador Kosh, or any other Vorlon character. Vorlon influence is applied as automatic opposition to this conflict. Purge all your Vorlon Marks. If successful, remove the target card from the game.
Death of Personality	The Vorlons	vorlons.27	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an opponent whose faction has at least one Doom mark or an Unrest of 3 or more. This conflict fails automatically unless an unneutralized teep is supporting it. If this conflict succeeds and it was uncontested, the target must pass as his first action next action round. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you may apply the target's influence as if it were your own next action round. If this conflict fails, neutralize one of your teeps that is supporting the conflict.
Death of a Planet	Crusade	crusade.34	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Legacy. You must control a Techno-mage to initiate this conflict. Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target a location controlled by another player. At resolution, this conflict gains additional opposition equal to the target's printed Military. All non-Techno-mages take 3 points of damage when they become participants in this conflict (before attacks are resolved). If successful, gain +1 power and the location is removed from the game.
Debt of Gratitude	The Great War	shadows.39	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your participant supporting characters.  The cost to promote the target character to the Inner Circle is reduced by 4 Influence.
Decisive Tactics	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.80	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character gains +2 Leadership for this turn.   Target character gains an additional +1 Leadership for each Destiny Mark he has.
Declaration of Principles	Wheel of Fire	wheel.26	1	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Irrevocable. ISA. The following cards have their effect text blanked when played or controlled by an ISA member: Chosen of God, Defense in Depth, Full Mobilization, Seizing Advantage, Show the Colors, War Footing, all Agendas which require or picture Shadow Marks or Vorlon Marks, and all race-specific Agendas with the word "count" in their effect text.
Declaration of War	The Great War	deluxe.81	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires a tension of 5 towards the target race.   Rotate your ambassador.  Your race and the target race are at war.
Dedicated Assistant	The Great War	greatwar.72	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an Ambassadors Assistant who rotated to enhance his ambassador. The ambassador must have participated in the conflict. When the Assistant rotates to enhance the ambassador, he reduces costs by 2 or increases the Ambassadors abilities by 2.
Dedicated Follower	The Shadows	shadows.40	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Convert up to 2 of your Ambassador's Destiny Marks to Shadow or Vorlon Marks.
Deep Agent	Severed Dreams	dreams.26	6	Character	Neutral	1	2	0	0	0		C	Multiple. This character becomes loyal to your race when you sponsor him. While Deep Agent is a Nightwatch character, he gains +2 Intrigue. While Deep Agent is a Nightwatch character, you may rotate him, apply 4 influence, and target a player not of your race to cause that player to draw no free cards this turn.
Deep Scan	The Great War	greatwar.73	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player.  If you succeed by at least 10 examine the target player's hand.  For each 10 by which this conflict succeeds, put 1 card of your choice from that player's hand on the bottom of his draw pile.
Deep Space Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.82	6	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	5		F	Multiple.
Deep Space Fleet (Human)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.83	6	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	5		F	Multiple.
Deep Space Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.84	7	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	6		C	Multiple.
Deep Space Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.85	5	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple.
DeepProbe Project	Giants in the Playground	gitp.108	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Explorer. Limited. Each player can only initiate this conflict once per game. When initiating, choose either Shadows or Vorlons. If you win this conflict, the chosen faction gains +2 influence. For each 15 strength with which you win this conflict, reveal cards from the top your deck until you reveal a card that pictures either a Shadow or a Vorlon mark and put that card in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Defame Ambassador	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.86	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All of the target ambassador's abilities are halved. This effect expires at the end of he turn.
Defeated	The Great War	greatwar.74	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target ambassador's faction must have lost influence as a result of the conflict. The target's controller must discard all free cards drawn during the Draw round. Discard this aftermath when the target's faction initiates and wins a conflict.
Defector Revealed	The Great War	greatwar.75	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Replace a Disaffected character you control with another character loyal to that race. The new character must not be restricted against joining your Inner Circle. Apply influence equal to the difference between the cost of the Disaffected character and the replacing character.
Defend the Races	The Great War	greatwar.76	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	You cannot have any Shadow or Vorlon marks and requires 3 Destiny marks to sponsor. You can not gain Shadow or Vorlon marks. Count Babylon 5's influence minus the average of Shadow and Vorlon influence as power. Each turn you may lose 2 influence to increase Babylon 5's influence by 1.
Defense Treaty	The Shadows	shadows.41	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target another race. Apply your tension toward that race plus theirs toward you as opposition. If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for each of you. You may each cause fleets of the other race to act as if they were under your control while you are the target of a Military conflict. If either player's tension reaches 5, discard this card.
Defense in Depth	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.87	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	All of your fleets gain +2 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict. All of your locations gain +5 Military. Your influence rating is increased by 1 for each location of your race you control.
Defensive Tactics	The Great War	greatwar.77	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	If the character leads a fleet, he may choose to provide his fleet with damage resistance equal to his Leadership rather than the normal bonus to the fleet's Military.
Defuse the Situation	Severed Dreams	dreams.28	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable Military Conflict you did not initiate. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict has more support than opposition, and more support than the target conflict, the target conflict does not resolve. If Defuse the Situation succeeds by 20 or more, return it to your hand.
Delay the War	The Shadows	shadows.42	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	All abilities may be used in this conflict. Aftermaths restricted by ability cannot be played on this conflict. If successful, Shadow and Vorlon Influence cannot increase by more than 1 each during the next turn. This effect lasts an additional turn for each 5 strength by which this conflict succeeds.
Delegate Authority	The Great War	greatwar.78	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any number of ready characters you control. Rotate your ambassador and apply 1 influence for each character targeted. Promote all targeted characters to the Inner Circle. At the end of the turn, return those characters to the supporting cards row.
Delenn (Vorlons)	The Vorlons	vorlons.29	0	Character	Minbari	6	0	0	2	0	Vorlon	R	Minbari Starting Ambassador. Grey Council Member. Religious Caste. When Delenn is revealed as your ambassador, the Vorlon Influence is increased by 4.
Delenn the Legend	Collector's Edition	collector.2	0	Character	Minbari	15	8	0	7	0		F	Religious Caste. Must replace any version of Delenn you control who has a printed Diplomacy of 8 or higher, transferring any attached cards and marks you choose. Whenever a mark is purged from Delenn the Legend, she may immediately gain a mark of that type. Rotate to remove a card attached to any version of John Sheridan.
Demonstrative Victory	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.90	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Any player may be supported in this conflict.  Any player who generates a total of 10 or more below the highest generated total may not gain more than 1 influence per turn for the rest of the game. If any players suffer this effect, the conflict becomes a global aftermath targeting their factions. This effect is negated for any player if his homeworld is in play.
Department Sigma Experiments 	Apocrypha	apocrypha.27	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Requires 2 Conspiracy marks. Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable Diplomacy conflict you did not initiate. This conflict has automatic opposition equal to the Vorlon influence. This conflict can be opposed using Diplomacy. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict has more support than opposition, and more support than the target conflict, the target conflict does not resolve.
Derrick Thompson	The Telepath War	teepwar.97	8	Character	Neutral	2	0	7	2	0		F	Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction.Once per turn, while this character is ready, as an action, you may purge any number of Conspiracy marks from him to add an amount of Credit Tokens to him equal to double the amount of marks purged.
Desa Alexander	The Telepath War	teepwar.140	9	Character	Neutral	0	5	10	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Religious. If sponsored by a Psi Corps faction, Desa Alexander gains the Psi Corps boldface text.When attacking a teep, you may purge any number of Conspiracy marks from Desa Alexander to inflict an additional 2 damage for each mark purged in this way.
Despair	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.91	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player with a Doom mark.  Whenever the player loses a conflict, all of his characters have -1 to each ability on the following turn (minimum 0).
Desperate Measures	Severed Dreams	dreams.33	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	You must have an influence rating of 12 or higher to play this card. Neutralize and remove from the game a location you control that is loyal to your race. Choose either the Shadows or the Vorlons to lose influence equal to 1/5 the printed Military of the location.
Destined	The Vorlons	vorlons.31	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be reversed. Your faction must have no Doom marks and at least 5 Destiny marks to play this event. Rotate and neutralize your Ambassador to target an opposable conflict you initiated. It resolves immediately as if it succeeded by exactly 10. Aftermaths may then be played by all players. Then continue the Action Round.
Destined For The Stars	The Vorlons	vorlons.30	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		U	When this agenda enters play you may search your Deck for a card that pictures a Destiny mark, reveal it and take it into your hand. Reshuffle your deck afterwards. Your ambassador gains +1 Diplomacy for each Destiny mak they have. Your Influence Rating is increased by 1 for each faction that has at least one Destiny mark with whom you are not at war. Each faction with at least one Doom mark gets -1 to its Influence Rating.
Destined to Be	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.92	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a conflict. Choose a type of conflict, and won or lost. You may play aftermath cards on the target conflict that match the selected conditions during this conflict's resolution.
Destiny Fulfilled	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.93	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	For the rest of the turn, all your ambassador's abilities increase by +1 for each Destiny Mark he has. For an additional 5 influence, all your other characters gain +1 to each of their abilities for Destiny Mark they have. For an additional 5 influence (11 total) this card becomes an enhancement for your ambassador.
Destroy Babylon 5	Collector's Edition	collector.7	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	This conflict has automatic opposition at resolution equal to five times Babylon 5's Influence. If successful, permanently reduce Babylon 5 Influence to zero, raise all tensions by 1, and remove all Babylon 5 aftermaths, enhancements and fleets from the game. For the rest of this game no Babylon 5 votes may be called and no tension may fall below 2.
Destroy Them From Within	Wheel of Fire	wheel.27	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a participant character you control. Rotate this aftermath and apply 5 influence as an action to search your deck or discard pile and take an Accident Event into your hand. When you do this, you may rotate the target of this aftermath to reduce the cost of this action by 3. You may discard this aftermath to search your deck or discard pile and take into your hand one event that lowers a target character's ability to 1. (Shuffle your deck/discard pile afterwards.)
Destroy Them Utterly	The Vorlons	vorlons.32	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Whenever a conflict is lost, the initiator's Ambassador gains a Doom mark. Rotate and apply 5 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict targting a faction with more Doom marks than you. Psi can be used to oppose this conflict. If this conflict succeeds, the target transfers 1 influence to you.  If you have at least 20 power, more power than each other player, no Doom marks and each other faction has at least one Doom mark, then you score a Major Victory this turn.
Destroy the Opposition	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.94	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		P	Characters of your race double their Diplomacy while participating in this conflict.  If support exceeds opposition by at least your unrest times 5, reduce your unrest to 1. Otherwise your unrest rises to 5. Other players may sponsor characters of your race at -1 influence cost for the rest of the game.
Detailed Data Analysis	Crusade	crusade.35	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Crusade. Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. Babylon 5 fleets and Excalibur may support this conflict using Military. If successful, this conflict becomes an enhancement on your agenda. This enhancement grants you +1 power.
Deuce	The Telepath War	teepwar.11	6	Character	Neutral	0	4	0	1	0		F	Deuce cannot be targeted by Lost Participant aftermaths or by Legal conflicts.
Develop Relationship	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.95	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player's supporting character, after that character supports one of your conflicts. That character gains +1 to all his abilities, but if he ever attacks your characters or opposes one of your conflicts, discard him.
Dexter Hall	Apocrypha	apocrypha.3	10	Character	Human	2	3	12	0	0	2x Doom	F	Psi Corps. Psi Cop. Rotate Dexter Hall as an action to search your deck for a "Block" or "Pain" event card and take it into your hand.
Diane Matthews	Apocrypha	apocrypha.42	7	Character	Human	3	0	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Media.  When Diane Matthews is sponsored, place 3 Mediator Tokens on her. You may discard 1 Mediator Token from Diane Matthews to reduce the tension of one faction towards you by 1.
Different Perspectives	The Great War	greatwar.79	0	Event	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		F	Apply any amount of influence. Draw that many cards, then shuffle the same number of cards back into your deck.
Different Zathras	Apocrypha	apocrypha.67	5	Character	Neutral	0	0	0	1	0		F	Enigma. Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A Replaced Zathras may return to play. If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. While Different Zathras is ready, all other Zathras characters apply double their ability during the resolution of an Enigma or Explorer conflict.
Dilgar Fleet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.133	10	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	7		F	Dilgar. Unique. This fleet gains a Strife mark when attacking a Human or Non-Aligned fleet. This fleet gains +2 Military when it is led by any version of Jha’Dur.
Diplomatic Advantage	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.97	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on your ambassador. You must have won the conflict by 10 or more strength.  You may draw 2 free cards instead of 1 during the draw round.
Diplomatic Blunder	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.98	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target ready character with Diplomacy greater than 1 has his Diplomacy lowered to 1. (Bonuses applied later this turn raise the ability from the new base of 1.) This effect expires at the end of the turn.
Diplomatic Channels	The Great War	greatwar.80	3	Enhancement	Non-Aligned Characte	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target character gains +1 Diplomacy.  For each 7 points of Babylon 5 influence, the target character gains an additional +1 Diplomacy.
Diplomatic Corps	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.99	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Diplomacy while this group remains rotated.
Diplomatic Entanglement	Balance of Power	balance.38	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction, and designate a third faction as your partner in this conflict. If successful, both you and your partner gain +1 influence, and the targeted faction loses 1 power. The targeted faction may then choose to raise mutual tensions between themselves and your partner by 1. No additional influence may be gained from this conflict by any means. (e.g., Aftermaths, Locations, Contingencies, etc.)
Diplomatic Expansionism	The Telepath War	teepwar.110	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Each time you win a conflict that initiates a State, you may reduce your mutual Tension with the associated faction by 1.Count every two States that you are currently in, that are not States of War, as 1 Power. You cannot play any cards that can suspend a state in play.
Diplomatic Immunity	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.100	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target player's ambassador and ambassador's assistant cannot be attacked this turn.
Diplomatic Incident	The Telepath War	teepwar.53	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Out of Turn. In reaction to a non-Ambassador Minister or Senator character rotating to take an action, negate that action unless it is to sponsor or promote a card.
Diplomatic Intrusion	The Great War	greatwar.81	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an agenda.  The agenda is blanked for the rest of the turn.  This effect is extended by 1 turn for each 5 by which this conflict is successful.
Diplomatic Payoff	The Great War	greatwar.82	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on your ambassador.  Reveal this card during a Babylon 5 vote.  Rotate your ambassador.  Cancel the vote.  Lose one power.
Diplomatic Recognition	Psi Corps	psicorps.45	1	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any player may rotate this card and target a location loyal to a race other than the race of the faction that controls it to call a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote is successful, Babylon 5 gains 1 influence and the location becomes loyal to the race that currently controls it, allowing its game text to be used as normal. (It retains its new loyalty even if re-conquered by another race.)
Dire Consequences	Crusade	crusade.36	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage you control. Reveal at the resolution of a lost conflict which was initiated by another player and targeted you. You must have provided more opposition to the conflict than any other player. You gain +1 Influence and the conflict's initiator loses 1 influence.
Direct Link	Psi Corps	psicorps.46	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a teep.  Reveal when this teep takes damage. You may have another unneutralized teep who you control take the damage instead.
Directing Events	The Shadows	shadows.43	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  You may rearrange the order in which conflicts will be resolved this turn.  You must designate the new sequence when you play this card.
Disaffected Centauri	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.101	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Each player may only have one Disaffected Centauri in play. While Disaffected Centauri is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor Centauri characters at normal (instead of double) influence cost.  If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
Disaffected Human	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.102	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Each player may only have one Disaffected Human in play. While Disaffected Human is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor Human characters at normal (instead of double) influence cost.  If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
Disaffected League Member	Apocrypha	apocrypha.69	6	Character	Neutral	0	1	1	0	0		F	Multiple. Each player may only have one Disaffected League Member in play. While Disaffected League Member is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor Non-Aligned characters at normal ( instead of double) influence cost. If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
Disaffected Minbari	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.103	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Each player may only have one Disaffected Minbari in play. While Disaffected Minbari is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor Minbari characters at normal (instead of double) influence cost.  If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
Disaffected Narn	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.104	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Each player may only have one Disaffected Narn in play. While Disaffected Narn is a member of your Inner Circle, you may sponsor Narn characters at normal (instead of double) influence cost.  If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
Disarm	Anla'shok	rangers.30	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. Target a Ranger character. Reveal when a Ranger character becomes involved in an attack against a character with a Weapon Enhancement. For the rest of the turn, that card's text is blanked.
Disarray	The Great War	greatwar.83	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		P	Any agenda in the target ambassador's faction is blanked, and any marks provided by that agenda are ignored. The faction cannot sponsor, discard or replace their agenda. Discard this aftermath at the end of the next turn.
Disbelief	Apocrypha	apocrypha.79	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you control. Reveal when this character is participating in a conflict and another participant character in that conflict is attacked by a character you do not control. The character being attacked gains +2 damage resistance for this attack.
Disciple of Light	The Shadows	shadows.44	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	R	Your Ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark.  You may apply 7 Influence as an action to add a Vorlon Mark to any character you control.  You may apply 4 Influence as an action to add +1 support or opposition to any conflict. This does not cause a conflict to become contested.
Disciplinary Hearing	Balance of Power	balance.62	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target either a Neutral character, a Mercenary character, or a non-ambassador character loyal to your race. The target character cannot participate in this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Legal Lost aftermath attached to the target character that reads: “As an additional cost of any action for which the attached character rotates, its controller must apply 1 influence.”
Disenchantment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.105	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Demote target participant Inner Circle character, other than an ambassador, to a supporting character.   The target character does not ready during the next ready round. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Disgrace	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.106	0	Aftermath	Lost Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participating supporting character. Fleets led by the character may not support or attack during conflicts initiated by his controller.
Dishonor	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.107	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another player's ambassador. Diplomacy may be used to support or oppose the conflict.  If successful, this card becomes an aftermath on the target ambassador, reducing all his abilities by 1 per 5 points by which the conflict succeeded (to a minimum of 0).
Disillusioned Garibaldi	Wheel of Fire	wheel.28	6	Character	Neutral	3	7	0	2	0	Doom, Strife, Conspiracy	R	Mercenary. May replace Michael Garibaldi, or any Human version of Garibaldi whose combined Doom Marks and attached Lost Aftermaths exceed his Diplomacy. Transfer all attached cards. While attacking a character who has Conspiracy Marks, Disillusioned Garibaldi has +1 damage resistance and inflicts +1 damage for each of the target's Conspiracy Marks.
DisneyPlanet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.140	6	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	4		F	Corporate. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Any player other than you can once per turn add a Credit Token to this card to restore up to one influence. Rotate this location as an action to transfer any amount of Credit Tokens from it to another card you control.
Disruption	The Great War	shadows.45	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	If successful, no player may sustain with any cards until the end of the next turn.  If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain +1 Influence.
Dissent	The Great War	greatwar.85	8	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target agenda's controller must apply influence equal to his unrest at the end of each Ready round or the agenda is blanked for the rest of the turn.
Diverse Support Team	A New Beginning	beginning.82	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this group and target a character. That character gains +1 Diplomacy, +1 Intrigue and +1 Leadership while this group remains rotated.
Diversity	The Vorlons	vorlons.33	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be replaced unless you rotate an additional Inner Circle character to do so. When you sponsor this agenda, you may immediately sponsor and promote for free a Non-Aligned Ambassador character of a species you don't control. If this agenda is in your discard pile, you lose 1 Power at then beginning of each turn in which you have at least one Inner Circle character that is loyal to a race other than the Non-Aligned.
Divert Blame	The Great War	greatwar.86	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction of your race. If successful, lower your unrest by 1 and increase the target's unrest by 1.
Divide and Conquer	Psi Corps	psicorps.47	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player. Diplomacy may be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, for every 5 you win by, you may apply 1 extra influence next turn, and the target must apply 1 influence for no effect during next turn's Ready Round.
Do as You Are Told	Severed Dreams	dreams.35	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	At the beginning of each turn, raise each player's unrest to one third of their combined Shadow and Vorlon Marks, if less than that amount, to a maximum unrest of 5. (Round fractions up.)
Doctor Emil Horst	Giants in the Playground	gitp.70	5	Character	Human	1	3	0	0	0		F	Crusade. Medical. Doctor Emil Horst applies double opposition at resolution to any conflict requiring Shadow marks.
Doctor Everett Jacobs	Giants in the Playground	gitp.86	6	Character	Human	3	1	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Medical. The first time each game Doctor Everett Jacobs is targeted by an event that either requires or pictures Vorlon marks, he gains a Vorlon mark.
Doctor Franklin	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.108	3	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		P	Any player may rotate Doctor Franklin as an action to heal any target character as if that character had rotated to heal.  Doctor Franklin is discarded if Stephen Franklin is in play.
Doctor Lilian Hobbs	The Great War	greatwar.87	7	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate Doctor Lilian Hobbs and apply any amount of influence.  For each 3 influence applied, remove one point of severe damage from any character.
Doctor Sheridan	Wheel of Fire	wheel.29	7	Character	Human	2	2	0	0	0		R	May be replaced by Anna Sheridan. Rotate Doctor Sheridan, target a location in another player's discard pile, and pay that location's printed cost to sponsor it to your supporting row. Rotate Doctor Sheridan and target a captured non-homeworld location you control. You may use its effect text for the rest for this turn.
Dodger	Severed Dreams	dreams.36	7	Character	Human	2	2	0	2	0		P	May replace Private Durman. Remove Private Durman from the game.  Rotate and discard Dodger to discard one Lost Aftermath from a character you control.
Dogfight	Severed Dreams	dreams.37	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. All participant fleets with a printed Military of 4 or less gain a Strife Mark while participating in this conflict. If successful, choose either the Vorlons, Shadows, or Babylon 5 to lose 2 influence. Also, if successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction.
Domestic Concerns	Severed Dreams	dreams.38	3	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Draw a card when you sponsor this enhancement. The cost for each player to draw additional cards during the Draw Round is increased by an amount equal to 1 less than his Unrest.
Don't You Trust Me?	Psi Corps	psicorps.48	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Designate another player as your partner in this conflict. If successful, your partner must choose either that you and he each gain +1 influence, or that you lose 1 influence. No additional influence may be gained from this conflict by any means (e.g., Aftermaths, Locations, Contingencies, etc.).
Doomed	The Vorlons	vorlons.35	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be reversed. Target an opposable conflict initiated by an opponent with at least 5 Doom marks. The conflict resolves immediately as if it was lost by exactly 10. Aftermaths may then be played by all players. Then continue the Action Round.
Doomed Conspiracy	Psi Corps	psicorps.49	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another faction that has Conspiracy Marks. If successful, each character in that faction gains a number of Doom Marks equal to that character's number of Conspiracy Marks.
Doomed Expedition	Severed Dreams	dreams.39	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player who, since your last action, searched his deck and took one or more cards into his hand as the same action. He must discard the card(s) he took from his deck. If the card that enabled him to search his deck is still in play at the end of the turn, he must return it to his hand, unless the card is his ambassador.
Doomsday Weapon	Collector's Edition	collector.9	12	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Irrevocable. Target a Neutral character or Vorlon character with a printed psi of 15 or higher. Rotate the target as an action to rotate all characters with a base Psi of zeor for no effect, except for ambassadors, ambassadors' assistants, and those with Destiny marks.
Double-cross	Severed Dreams	dreams.40	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	If a character you control supported another player's conflict this turn, reveal when the target of this contingency attacks one of the initiator's characters in the same conflict. Your attacker takes half damage during the attack, and gains your choiceof either a Conspiracy Mark, Strife Mark, or Destiny Mark.
Dr. Benjamin Kyle	The Vorlons	vorlons.36	5	Character	Human	2	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	C	Medical. Rotate this character as an action to have a target character heal as if it were an Inner Circle character. If you control this character, this action is sustainable. While sustained, the target need not be discarded if neutralized. Any Vorlon-tainted faction can use this action.
Dr. Sarah Chambers	Crusade	crusade.37	5	Character	Human	3	1	0	0	0		R	Crusade. Any ISA Member may sponsor Dr. Sarah Chambers at normal cost. As an action, rotate Dr. Sarah Chambers and target a conflict. When your participants in that conflict are attacked, they take 1 less damage. Or rotate Dr. Sarah Chambers as an action to remove all damage or 1 severe damage from a character, or to unneutralize a neutralized character who has no severe damage tokens.
Draal the Caretaker	Severed Dreams	dreams.41	11	Character	Neutral	5	2	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Must replace Draal, transferring all aftermaths and enhancements. Draal the Caretaker cannot be attacked unless he attacked this turn. Rotate this character to apply +5 support or opposition to a Babylon 4 conflict. Draal the Caretaker may sponsor any Zathras character at -2 cost. You may target any Zathras in play and apply 5 influence to cause the target to perform any legal action you choose.
Draft	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.110	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	If the target player is at war, his cost to sponsor fleets and any characters with Leadership 2 or higher is reduced by 1.
Drak'hul	A New Beginning	beginning.17	9	Character	Drakh	0	2	4	4	0	Strife	F	Drakh Ambassador. When sponsored, you may search through your deck and take one Drakh event of your choice into your hand. When opposing a conflict initiated by a Human or Psi Corps faction, Drak’hul applies double of the used ability during resolution of the conflict.
Drakh Armada	Wheel of Fire	wheel.30	18	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	14	Strife	R	Reduce your cost to sponsor this fleet by 2 for each Drakh Ambassador you control. Remove 1 point of damage from this fleet during each Ready Round.
Drakh Assassin	Giants in the Playground	gitp.40	8	Character	Drakh	1	3	1	3	0	Doom	F	Multiple. When you sponsor this character, place a Chaos Token on it. As a Limited action you may discard this character from your hand to inflict 3 damage on any non-neutralized character in play. This is considered an Event action.
Drakh Carrier	A New Beginning	beginning.70	6	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	5		F	Multiple.
Drakh Custodian	A New Beginning	beginning.24	4	Character	Drakh	2	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple.
Drakh Entire	Wheel of Fire	wheel.31	7	Group	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Every non-ambassador Drakh with the text Drakh Ambassador gains the text Drakh Ambassador's Assistant. Rotate this group to demote one Drakh character you control and promote another Drakh character you control. If the Drakh you are promoting has a higher printed cost than the Drakh you demoted, you must discard a number of Chaos Tokens equal to the difference. Or rotate and target a Drakh Character to give him +2 to all abilities while this group is rotated.
Drakh Machinations	Balance of Power	balance.27	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Can only by played by a Drakh faction. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. All factions that lose at least 1 influence at the resolution of the conflict lose an additional 1 influence.
Drakh Mothership	Wheel of Fire	wheel.32	5	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	3		U	Multiple. Rotate this fleet, target a Drakh Fleet you control, and discard a number of Chaos Tokens equal to the target's cost minus this fleet's Military. For the rest of this turn, the target may participate in any conflict in which Military may be used, regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate.
Drakh Raiders	Wheel of Fire	wheel.33	5	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	5		C	Multiple. Rotate this fleet and target another player's ready fleet with a lower Military than this fleet. Rotate the target for no effect and inflict 1 point of damage on it.
Drakh Sentries	Giants in the Playground	gitp.39	8	Group	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this group and target one of your locations. The location gains +5 Military while this group remains rotated. Rotate this group and target a Drakh character. The target gains +1 Diplomacy, +1 Intrigue and +2 Psi while this group remains rotated.
Drakh Templeship	A New Beginning	beginning.71	5	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple. Cannot support or attack.  Rotate to enhance any other Drakh fleet. While this fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Dramatic Entrance	Giants in the Playground	gitp.90	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Legacy. Apply influence equal to half the influence cost of a Techno-mage character or a Soul Hunter character in your hand, rounded up, and put that character into play. It is not considered being sponsored. At the end of the resolution round, if that  character is unneutralized, put it back into your hand, otherwise, discard it from play.
Drazi Lurker	Balance of Power	balance.130	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0		F	Drazi. Rotate Drazi Lurker and discard a card from your hand to add the bottom card of your deck to your hand.
Drazi Merchant	Wheel of Fire	wheel.34	4	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	0	0		C	Drazi. Multiple. Rotate to restore 1 point of your spent influence to your available influence.
Drazi Spinner Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.74	4	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	2		F	Drazi. Multiple. Cannot support or attack.  Rotate to enhance any other Non-Aligned fleet. While this fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +1 Military and +1 damage resistance. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Drazi Sunhawk	The Great War	deluxe.111	4	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	4		C	Any player may sponsor this fleet at double normal influence cost.  If Drazi Sunhawk becomes damaged, discard it during next draw round.
Drigo	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.112	8	Character	Centauri	2	4	0	0	0		F	You may play character enhancements on Drigo at -2 influence cost.
"Dro'Shalla"	The Vorlons	vorlons.38	6	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0	2x Vorlon	R	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. Can be sponsered by Non-Aligned factions at normal cost. Discard this character as an action if it is ready and target a race in play. All characters and fleets of that race take 2 damage. "Dro'Shalla" is not a version of Kosh.
Drone	The Vorlons	vorlons.37	4	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Gaim. There is no limit to how many copies of this character you can have in your deck.
Drone Fleet	Wheel of Fire	wheel.35	0	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		R	When sponsored, target a fleet you control that is loyal to your race (even a Limited fleet). The cost to sponsor Drone Fleet is equal to the printed cost of the target. Drone Fleet gains the printed Military, cost, and effect text of the target.
Drone Strike	Apocrypha	apocrypha.6	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Explorer. Target a ready character. Apply any amount of influence. The character suffers damage equal to the applied influence if this would not neutralize the character. Any player may immediately rotate a Medical card to negate this event.
Drop Your Barriers	Psi Corps	psicorps.50	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this enhancement and target a teep you control with Psi of 7 or higher. The target applies 4 additional support/opposition when he uses Psi to support or oppose a conflict, but he also takes 2 extra damage when attacked using Psi. You may sustainthis effect.
Drozak	Anla'shok	rangers.31	7	Character	Non-Aligned	0	3	0	2	0		C	Drazi. Ranger characters may sponsor Drozak for normal cost. While being lead by this character, Babylon 5 fleets gain +1 damage resistance.
Du'Rog	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.114	8	Character	Narn	4	3	0	0	0		C	If Du'Rog is discarded from play, you may cause 4 points of damage to any Narn character.
Duck Dodgers	The Vorlons	vorlons.39	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	Media. Immediately after you sponsor this Enhancement, target and discard a non-unique Enhancement with the same or lower printed cost, or one without a printed cost.
Duel to the Death	Crusade	crusade.38	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a War Conflict you initiated. At resolution, only count support and opposition from participants if they are controlled by you or by the target of the conflict. If the conflict is successful and there is no opposition at resolution from participant fleets, treat the conflict as if it was uncontested. If the conflict is successful by 10 or more, you may apply 3 influence to return this card to your hand.
Dukhat	The Vorlons	vorlons.40	12	Character	Minbari	6	5	0	6	0	Destiny, Vorlon	R	Unique. Grey Council Member. Religious Caste. The Grey Council Fleet can sponsor and promote Grey Council Member characters as if it were an Inner Circle character and gains +1 Military for each Grey Council Member character in play. If Dukhat is discarded from play, each Minbari player loses 3 influence and all Minbari tensions are raised to 5.
Dulann	Giants in the Playground	gitp.26	9	Character	Minbari	3	0	5	3	0		F	Ranger. While Dulann is leading a fleet, other players must apply an additional 1 influence for playing events that target that fleet. If this fleet is a Ranger fleet, they must apply an additional 2 influence instead.
Dureena Nafeel	Crusade	crusade.39	8	Character	Neutral	2	6	0	0	0	Strife	R	Crusade. Legacy. Cannot be blanked. As an action, rotate and target another player whose discard pile contains a copy of Hidden Treasury, Short Term Goals, or Trade Windfall. Remove that copy of the card from the game. The target loses 3 influence. While Dureena Nafeel is in play, any player may, as an action, apply 10 influence or discard Dureena Nafeel from his hand to gain control of her for the rest of the turn.
Dust	The Great War	greatwar.91	10	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character you control. For the rest of the turn, the target character gains +6 Psi. (This bonus does apply to characters with 0 Psi.) Characters who started the turn at 0 Psi are permanently returned to 0 Psi at the end of the turn. Neutralize the character at the end of the turn.
Dust Storm	Apocrypha	apocrypha.28	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Until the end of the Resolution Round, all locations participating in conflicts have all their abilities reduced by 5 to a minimum of 1.
Dwindling Resources	Severed Dreams	dreams.42	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player who controls less than 3 locations. The target may not repair his fleets. Discard this enhancement if the target controls 3 or more locations loyal to his race.
E.A.S. Cortez	Anla'shok	rangers.32	7	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	3		R	Explorer. Cannot oppose or attack. This fleet gains +4 Military while supporting a Explorer conflict. Rotate this fleet as an action t to look at a number of cards equal to this fleet's Military on the top of target opponent's deck. Return them in the same order.
E.A.S. Tigerclaw	Apocrypha	apocrypha.129	2	Enhancement	Human Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Renowned. The attached fleet gains the Explorer boldface text.
EABI Transport	The Telepath War	teepwar.111	4	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	3		F	Psi Corps. Legal. This fleet becomes rotated and cannot ready while “Bester, War Criminal” is your ambassador.EABI Transport gains +2 Military when attacking or being attacked by a fleet led by a teep.
EF-996 Sniper Rifle	Apocrypha	apocrypha.11	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Weapon. Target a character you control. Reduce the influence cost for this enhancement by 2 if attached to a Human. Cannot be used with any other Weapon Enhancement. This character cannot be attacked unless the attacker’s controller applies 2 influence for each character attacking this character.
EVA Salvaging	Crusade	crusade.40	0	Aftermath	Won Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	For each character controlled by another player that was neutralized during your conflict, you may take a character from your discard pile and place it in your hand. For each fleet controlled by another player that was neutralized during your conflict, you may take a fleet from your discard pile and place it in your hand. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Early Warning	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.116	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a character with 2 or more Vorlon Marks. Apply the Vorlon's influence as opposition to a target Intrigue conflict. The Vorlons then gain +1 influence.
Earth	Psi Corps	deluxe.117	10	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	15		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.   Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Earth Moon, Corner Pocket	Apocrypha	apocrypha.105	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Enigma. Requires 3 Vorlon marks. Rotate a location you control and apply influence equal to its current military. Target a location you do not control. The targeted location and the rotated location inflict damage on each other as if they were fleets in an attack. Your ambassador gains a Doom mark. If the rotated location is a Moon and becomes neutralized, restore up to 2 influence.
EarthForce One	The Vorlons	vorlons.41	9	Fleet	Human	6	0	0	0	1		R	Flagship. EarthForce One may only be sponsored by a Senator, Vice-President or President Human character. Cannot attack. The Earth Alliance President gains +2 Diplomacy while this fleet is unneutralized.
Earthforce Command	Giants in the Playground	gitp.113	8	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		F	While you control this group, if you are a Human non-Psi Corps faction, gain +1 Power. Your cost to sponsor Multiple fleets is reduced by 2.
Edgars Industries	Anla'shok	rangers.33	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Corporate. May be sponsored at -4 cost by any version of William Edgars. Your Ambassador gains a Conspiracy Mark.  Your Inner Circle Corporate characters get +1 Intrigue. Discard this card if you are a Psi Corps faction. Discard all non-Mercenary teeps you control. Your influence rating is increased by 2 while the Anti-Telepath Virus aftermath is in play.
Edgars Industries HQ	A New Beginning	beginning.0	10	Location	Corporate	0	0	0	0	15		F	Corporate Homeworld. Fundamental. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Efficiency	The Great War	greatwar.92	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	For each ready Inner Circle character the target faction rotates during the Draw round, that player may discard one card from his hand and draw one card from his deck.
Efficiency Drive	Anla'shok	rangers.34	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Play on a conflict initiated by a corporate card. Draw up to 2 cards. If you are a Corporate faction you may also draw one card from your Crusade Pile. Discard this aftermath after play.
Efficiency Engineers	Severed Dreams	dreams.43	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Multiple. You may sponsor this group without rotating an Inner Circle character. You may rotate this group to sponsor an enhancement (as if this group were an Inner Circle character).
Ego Boost	Psi Corps	psicorps.53	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target teep gains +2 Psi for the rest of the turn. He gains an additional +1 Psi for each Conspiracy Mark he has.
Egyptian God of Frustration	The Great War	greatwar.93	6	Enhancement		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target any non-ambassador card in play.  The targeted card cannot be targeted by events played by anyone besides the card's controller.
Elder Races Triumph	The Shadows	shadows.46	11	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	When checking for victory, if the Shadows or the Vorlons have 50 or more influence, and one is higher than the other, the player with the single most marks of the higher race scores a Major Victory.
Elder Statesman	Psi Corps	psicorps.54	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	The target character gains +1 Diplomacy. The target gains an additional +1 Diplomacy each time a Babylon 5 vote passes in which your ambassador voted "Yes".
Elections	The Great War	greatwar.94	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Only characters loyal to your race may participate in this conflict. Any faction of your race may be supported. All factions of your race must transfer 1 influence to the faction with the most support for each 10 by which that faction's support exceeds the support of the next lower faction.
Electron Incantation	Crusade	crusade.41	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage to play this aftermath. Target a participant with a printed cost in a conflict which gave the participant's controller influence. The target cannot ready or be readied. As an action, the target's controller may return this aftermath to its owner's hand by applying influence equal to half the target's printed cost (round up), or discard this aftermath by applying influence equal to 3 greater than the target's printed cost.
Eliminate Threats	The Shadows	shadows.47	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one enhancement.  Apply influence equal to twice the cost of the enhancement. The minimum cost for this card is 4 Influence.  Discard the enhancement.
Elizabeth Lochley (B5)	Wheel of Fire	wheel.36	10	Character	Human	3	2	0	3	0	Strife	R	When your ambassador sponsors Elizabeth Lochley, immediately promote her for free. While leading a Babylon 5 Fleet, Elizabeth Lochley gains Leadership equal to Babylon 5's Influence. Elizabeth Lochley gains the text Human Ambassador's Assistant while neither Susan Ivanova nor Commander Ivanova is in play.
Elizabeth Lochley (nightwatch)	Wheel of Fire	wheel.37	9	Character	Human	2	2	0	3	0	Strife, Conspiracy	R	Nightwatch. Discard this character if your ambassador is any version of Sinclair, Sheridan, or Ivanova. Gains +3 Leadership while leading a fleet with a Squadron Enhancement. As an action, discard a Squadron Enhancement from your hand to give a target Human Fleet +1 Military for the rest of this turn. Rotate Elizabeth Lochley and apply influence equal to the cost of any Squadron Enhancement in your discard pile to return it to your hand.
Elizabeth Trent	Anla'shok	rangers.35	6	Character	Neutral	3	3	0	0	0		R	Corporate. If Elizabeth Trent is not in your Inner Circle during the Draw Round, discard a random card from your hand.  As an action, you may rotate this character and apply any amount of influence to add +1 support to a target conflict for every point of influence applied.
Emergency Military Aid	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.119	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	For every 2 influence you apply when playing this card, apply 1 Military to support or oppose target conflict.
Emergency Repairs	The Shadows	shadows.48	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one non-neutralized fleet. Repair as much damage as you wish, at a cost of 2 Influence per point of damage repaired.
Emily Crane	The Telepath War	teepwar.8	7	Character	Human	3	2	5	0	0	Doom	F	Psi Corps. Corporate. Media. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark.If your ambassador is any version of Arthur Malten, Emily Crane gains the boldface text Ambassador’s Assistant.
Empathy	Psi Corps	psicorps.56	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-ambassador character.  If successful, this conflict becomes an aftermath on the target with 1 Empathy Counter for every 10 points by which you won.  As an action, you may remove an Empathy Counter to rotate the character for no effect. If there are no Empathy Counters on this card, discard it.
Emperor Cotto	Anla'shok	rangers.36	15	Character	Centauri	12	7	0	5	0		R	Centauri Emperor. Rotate three inner circle Techno-mage characters and Ambassador Cotto to replace Ambassador Cotto transferring all attached cards and marks (or to replace target Centauri Emperor). Remove Ambassador Cotto from play. All Techno-mage characters in play become your ambassador's assistants. Count +1 Power for each player who controls a Techno-mage character (including yourself).
Emperor Mollari	Collector's Edition	collector.3	0	Character	Centauri	13	13	0	0	0		F	Centauri Emperor. Cannot be blanked. Must replace your Prime Minister Mollari, transferring any attached cards and marks you choose. Rotate to gain 1 power. You cannot score a Standard Victory.
Emperor Mollari II	Wheel of Fire	wheel.38	0	Character	Centauri	12	9	0	3	0	Destiny, Doom, Conspiracy	R	Centauri Emperor. Must replace Prime Minister Mollari, transferring all attached cards and marks. Emperor Mollari II may sponsor and promote Ministers for free. Whenever you would score a Standard Victory, you score a Major Victory instead.
Emperor Refa	Wheel of Fire	wheel.39	0	Character	Centauri	10	11	0	3	0	Destiny, Conspiracy	R	Centauri Emperor. Must replace Prime Minister Refa, transferring all attached cards and marks. Rotate to return another player's face-down contingency card to the top of his deck. Your minimum power required to score a Standard Victory is 19. To score aMajor Victory, you need at least 19 power and at least 9 more than each other player. Ignore these power minimums if you fulfill an agenda's victory conditions.
Empire Builder	The Great War	greatwar.96	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	You cannot sponsor this agenda if your faction has any Vorlon Marks.  All your Inner Circle characters gain +1 Leadership.  You may rotate your ambassador to declare war against any race toward whom your tension is 5.  Rotate this agenda and apply 7 influence as an action to return the top card in your discard pile to your hand if it is a Military conflict with no participation restrictions.
Enduring Service	Anla'shok	rangers.37	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Rotate a Ranger character to take a Ranger card from your discard pile into your hand. Remove this event from the game.
Energy Mines	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.121	6	Enhancement	Narn Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	All fleets attacking or being attacked by the target fleet suffer 1 point of damage before the attack is resolved.
Energy Shield	Apocrypha	apocrypha.95	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 4 Shadow marks. May target Shadow characters, even if they are Untouchable. The attached character suffers no damage when they are attacked by a character that is neither a Shadow or a Vorlon character.
Enrage	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.122	0	Aftermath	Lost Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target ambassador must apply 1 influence each turn at the beginning of the action round, or his Diplomacy ability for the turn is 0.
Enraged Markab	Balance of Power	balance.59	5	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	1	0	Strife	F	Markab. Nightwatch. Enraged Markab inflicts +1 damage when attacking characters that are not Markab.
Entil'Zha Sheridan	Anla'shok	rangers.38	0	Character	Human	10	5	0	6	0		R	Irrevocable. Ranger One. Must replace your President Sheridan while you are in the ISA transferring all attached cards and marks. Place three fate tokens on this character when played. Remove one at the beginning of each turn. If at the end of any turn this character has no fate tokens on it, you are eliminated from the game. Once per turn you may sponsor a Ranger card for free.
Entrap	The Great War	greatwar.97	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when the fleet is attacked.  The attacking fleet only inflicts damage equal to its printed Military minus its damage.
Envy	Balance of Power	balance.6	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Reveal during the resolution of a conflict you did not initiate in which the attached character is participating. If you generated more support for the conflict than the initiator, target an aftermath attached to one of the initiator’s characters that also participated in this conflict and transfer that aftermath to this character if this character could attach it.
Epsilon Eridani Jump Gate	Apocrypha	apocrypha.99	7	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		F	Jump Gate. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. This location gains +1 Military for each Babylon 5 enhancement in play. If this location is the target of a successful "Blow the Jump Gate" conflict, discard this location instead of blanking it. Rotate this location, apply 2 influence and target a fleet and a conflict. The fleet is allowed to participate in the targeted conflict using its Military.
Epsilon III	The Vorlons	vorlons.42	7	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	35		R	Enigma. Immediately after you sponsor this location, search your deck for an Enigma card, reveal it and take it into your hand. Reshuffle your deck afterwards. Rotate this location as an action and lose 1 power to oppose target Military conflict.
Ericsson	Anla'shok	rangers.39	10	Character	Human	0	3	0	3	0		U	Ranger. If Ericsson is leading a Babylon 5 fleet that is participating in a conflict, you may remove Ericsson from the game and discard the fleet he is leading to cancel the conflict the fleet is participating in.
Errand of Mercy	Wheel of Fire	wheel.40	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	ISA. You must be an ISA member to initiate this conflict. Target a race with at least one faction in play that initiated a Military Conflict last turn. Any ability may be used in this conflict. If successful, increase all tensions toward the target raceby 1, increase the target's Unrest by 1, and factions of the target race cannot sponsor any cards with Military or initiate Military Conflicts for a number of turns equal to that race's Unrest.
Espers	Wheel of Fire	wheel.41	6	Group	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		R	Every Drakh character counts +1 Psi for each of his Shadow Marks.  Every character with the text Drakh Ambassador counts an additional +3 Psi. Every non-Drakh character you control who has a base Psi higher than zero suffers 4 points of damage during each Ready Round.
Establish Base	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.123	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	If any fleet attacks occur this conflict, Babylon 5 loses 2 influence.  If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement for you. While in play, your fleets gain +1 Military, and gain additional +1 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict.
Establish Beachhead	Apocrypha	apocrypha.108	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Explorer. Target a location you do not control. If this conflict is succesful, it becomes an aftermath that reads: "The controller of this aftermath may apply 1 additional influence each turn. You may rotate this aftermath and remove a Beachhead Token from it to apply 5 opposition to any Military conflict initiated by the controller of the attached location." You may add 1 Beachhead Token to the aftermath for each 10 strength by which this conlict succeeded.
Establish Buffer Zone	Balance of Power	balance.43	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target another faction. If successful, this card becomes a Faction aftermath on the targeted faction that reads: “Military conflicts targeting the owner of this aftermath gain +5 automatic opposition. Discard this aftermath during the resolution of a conflict it opposed.” If you win this conflict by 5 or more, you gain +1 Power.
Established Mother Ship	A New Beginning	beginning.1	10	Location	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	10	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Homeworld. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Your ambassador gains a Conspiracy mark. Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Ethnocentric	The Great War	greatwar.98	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	While participating in a conflict, the character cannot attack other characters loyal to his race.
Euphrates Jump Gate	Balance of Power	balance.35	7	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		F	Jump Gate. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. If sponsored by a Narn or Centauri faction, this location becomes loyal to that race. If this location is the target of a successful “Blow the Jump Gate” conflict, discard this location instead of blanking it. Rotate this location as an action and target a non-tainted fleet you control. While this location remains rotated (sustainable), the targeted fleet gains +2 Military.
Euphrates Treaty	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.124	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique.  Target the Narn or the Centauri. Narn - Centauri tension drops by 1. Narn and Centauri characters gain +2 Diplomacy while participating in this conflict. If successful, the target race gains +1 influence and gains +1 additional influence for each 10 strength by which the conflict succeeded. If it fails, the other race gains both these benefits.
Evacuation	Severed Dreams	dreams.45	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Babylon 4 Conflict. Target a fleet. If successful, return the fleet to its owner's hand. The owner may not sponsor a copy of that fleet next turn. Also, if successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction.
Evacuation Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.42	12	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	10		F	If any version of Z’Ha’Dum has been discarded or removed from play this game, this fleet gains +5 Military. When this feet is discarded, you may reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Drakh fleet. Put that card into your hand and shuffle your deck afterwards.
Everything Has a Price	Crusade	crusade.43	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Rotate an Inner Circle Corporate character you control and target a supporting (row) Neutral Character or Neutral Fleet.  Apply influence equal to the printed cost of the target. The target is discarded. You may not target Legacy cards, Lorien, Techno-mages, Rangers, or characters with 2 or more Shadow or Vorlon marks with this event.
Evidence of Shadows	The Shadows	shadows.51	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	All ambassadors with Shadow or Vorlon Marks gain an additional mark of the same type. The Shadows gain +1 Influence.
Evidence to the Contrary	Apocrypha	apocrypha.9	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target an Intrigue conflict. You may choose to have the conflict gain +5 opposition during resolution. If this is a Legal conflict, all Legal participants apply +1 Intrigue during resolution.
Examine Holy Texts	Giants in the Playground	gitp.147	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. Target your ambassador. You must reveal this contingency during the resolution of the next conflict requiring either Vorlon or Shadow marks. The conflict either gains +5 automatic opposition or an amount of opposition equal to double the number of Destiny marks in your faction (your choice).
Excalibur	Crusade	crusade.44	7	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	5		R	Crusade. Rotate when you promote a Crusade or Explorer character to reduce the cost by 4. Excalibur has +3 damage resistance during attacks involving a Drakh Fleet. Excalibur has +1 Military for each Crusade character you control. Excalibur applies +7 support at resolution if supporting a Crusade or Explorer conflict.
Excalibur Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.0	14	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	20	Strife	F	ISA. Any ISA member with 4 or more Destiny marks  may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. When sponsoring this fleet, you must control and remove either your “Excalibur”, “Victory” or “Alliance Superfleet” from play as an additional cost. This fleet has +4 damage resistance during attacks involving a Drakh, Shadow, or Vorlon Fleet. This fleet may be repaired by any faction that is a member of the ISA. This fleet applies +7 opposition to any conflict targeting an ISA member faction.
Executive Aide	Severed Dreams	dreams.46	3	Enhancement	Human Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Target a Senator or General that you control. The target gains the text Human Home Faction Ambassador's Assistant. The target cannot become your ambassador.
Exercises of The Mind	Psi Corps	psicorps.57	0	Aftermath	Psi Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target participant teep gains +2 Psi.
Exhaustion	The Great War	greatwar.99	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character you control. That character is no longer participating in any conflict in any fashion. Rotate the character if he is not already rotated.
Exo-Skeleton	Apocrypha	apocrypha.134	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this enhancement as an action to move a Credit Token from one card you control to another card in play. Rotate the attached character as an action to move a Credit Token from one card you control to another card in play. If the attached character is a Mercenary, move up to one additional Credit Token between the cards.
Exodus	Crusade	crusade.45	9	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		R	Techno-mage. Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. A Techno-mage may lead this fleet using Diplomacy. Exodus cannot be attacked, or targeted by aftermaths, conflicts, enhancements, or events without your permission. Exodus has +1 Military for each Techno-mage character you control.
Expanded Network	Psi Corps	psicorps.58	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a supporting character who you control, loyal to your race, who has a Conspiracy Mark. Promote the target to your Inner Circle by applying its printed influence cost.
Expeditionary Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.125	7	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	5		F	If you have tension toward another race at 5, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that race.   Fleets from that race may attack this fleet in return.
Expeditionary Fleet (Human)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.126	7	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	5		F	If you have tension toward another race at 5, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that race.   Fleets from that race may attack this fleet in return.
Expeditionary Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.127	10	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	8		F	If you have tension toward another race at 5, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that race.   Fleets from that race may attack this fleet in return.
Expeditionary Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.128	8	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	6		F	If you have tension toward another race at 5, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that race.   Fleets from that race may attack this fleet in return.
Expelled	Wheel of Fire	wheel.42	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Target an ISA member (even yourself). Intrigue may be used in this conflict. This conflict automatically fails unless it receives support during the Action Round from at least one participant controlled by an ISA member other than the initiator. Ifsuccessful: the target is no longer an ISA member. Increase the tension of all ISA members' races towards the target's race by 2, and this card becomes an Aftermath on the target's ambassador which prevents him from re-joining the ISA.
Expendable	Psi Corps	psicorps.59	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a neutralized Inner Circle character with Conspiracy Marks. You may neutralize and discard a supporting character (who you control) loyal to your race to completely heal, unneutralize, and ready the target character.
Exploit Opportunities	The Great War	deluxe.129	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target ambassador gains +1 Intrigue and +1 Diplomacy.
Exploitation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.130	8	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another race's location you control.  Treat target location as if you had originally sponsored it (you gain all benefits of the location's effect text).
Exploration	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.131	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Unique.  Discard one of your ready fleets.   Apply influence equal to the fleet's Military.   You gain +1 influence for every 5 Military ability of the fleet you discarded.
Explore Vorlon Space	Crusade	crusade.46	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Explorer. Any player may be supported in this conflict. At resolution, subtract 15 from each player's support for every point of Vorlon influence. Each non-Drakh player with 3 or more Shadow Marks loses 1 influence. Each player with support greater than zero gains +1 influence. Whichever player has the single most support greater than zero gains an additional +2 influence, each of his Inner Circle characters with Leadership gains a Destiny Mark, and this conflict becomes Unique.
Expose Fake Vorlon	Giants in the Playground	gitp.81	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Psi may be used in this conflict. Target either the Vorlons or the Shadows. Shadow and Vorlon characters gain +2 Intrigue and +2 Psi while participating in this conflict. If successful, the chosen faction gains +3 influence, and you may search your deck for a “Na’Ka’Leen Feeder” conflict. Put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards. If unsuccessful, the other faction gains +3 influence. If you win the conflict by 10 or more, and the conflict targeted the Vorlons, your ambassador gains 2 Vorlon marks. If you win the conflict by 10 or more, and the conflict targeted the Shadows, your ambassador gains 2 Shadow marks.
Exposed	Psi Corps	psicorps.60	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player. Diplomacy and Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict.  If successful, the target must win a conflict in the next two turns, or his agenda is discarded (including a Major Agenda).
Extended Contacts	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.132	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Intrigue while this group remains rotated.
Extermination	The Shadows	shadows.52	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character.  Add +1 support to this conflict for each of your Shadow Marks and the target's Doom Marks.  If successful, neutralize the target character, and add severe damage equal to your Shadow Marks and the target's Doom Marks.
Extortion	Anla'shok	rangers.40	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Any player may be supported in this conflict. No abilities can be used. Any player may apply X influence to add X support to one side of this conflict. The player with the single highest support gains 1 influence. No additional influence may be gained from this conflict by any means (e.g. aftermaths, locations, contingencies).
Extreme Sanction	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.133	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target a supporting character of another faction. If successful, apply influence equal to the target character's cost. Remove the character from play. (If limited, no copy of that character can reenter play).
Eye for an Eye	The Great War	greatwar.101	1	Event	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		F	For the rest of the turn, each time a character or fleet you control is attacked and neutralized, apply 2 damage to an Inner Circle of your choice who is loyal to the same race as the attacker.
Eye of the Storm	Severed Dreams	dreams.47	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	Your influence rating is increased by +1 for every faction other than your own with an unrest of 4 or higher. While your unrest is 1, you may apply automatic opposition equal to your influence rating to any conflict targeting you. Your unrest may not bechanged by events played by other players.
Eyes on the Border	The Great War	greatwar.103	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a Ranger character you control and target either a war conflict or a Military conflict which requires Shadow Marks to initiate.  The next fleet which rotates to support the conflict applies only half its support during resolution.
Face in the Mob	Balance of Power	balance.61	5	Character	Narn	0	2	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. While supporting a conflict, this character gains +1 Intrigue at Resolution for each distinct race opposing the conflict.
Face of the Corps	Giants in the Playground	gitp.83	5	Character	Human	3	0	4	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Media. While participating in a Media conflict, this character gains the Psi Cop boldface text. When you sponsor Face of the Corps, increase or reduce your Unrest level by 1.
Faceless Executive	Anla'shok	rangers.42	6	Character	Neutral	2	2	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Multiple. If you reveal Faceless Executive as your starting ambassador, you start the game with an additional card in your opening hand but all the cards must be Corporate. All other opening hand restrictions still apply.
Faces in Stone	Crusade	crusade.47	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. Legacy. Rotate your ambassador and a Techno-mage character you control. Search your deck and take the first three characters you find into your hand.  (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
Facing Oblivion	Severed Dreams	dreams.48	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters are -1 to all of their abilities for each Doom Mark they possess (for the rest of this turn). For the rest of this turn, any player may, as an action, apply influence equal to twice the number of Doom Marks in play to make this Event a Global Enhancement.
Factional Inertia	The Shadows	shadows.53	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	If any faction brings a new agenda into play (or reveals a hidden agenda) the faction gains a maximum benefit of +1 power from the agenda.  That agenda's power limit increases by +1 during each ready round.
Failed Goals	The Great War	greatwar.104	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player who has a non-major agenda in play, and an unrest of 4 or higher. Discard the agenda and reduce the targets unrest by 1. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
Falsified Orders	The Great War	greatwar.105	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play. Rotate a character you control with Intrigue greater than 0. Rotate any fleet with less Military than your character's Intrigue for no effect.
Far Reaching Schemes	Crusade	crusade.48	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. You must control three or more Techno-mage characters to initiate this conflict. Only Techno-mages may support this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with the following text: As an action, discard this enhancement and target a player. That player must discard half the cards in his hand (round up).
Fast Learner	The Shadows	shadows.54	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Each time the target character participates in a conflict and is not neutralized that turn, he gains +1 to the ability he used in the conflict, to a maximum of 5.
Fast Transport	The Great War	greatwar.107	7	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	If the target fleet has no leader, rotate this enhancement and target any rotated character who is not leading a fleet.  That character may no, as an action, lease this fleet in addition to his previous action.  He may do so without rotating.
Fate Awaits	The Great War	greatwar.108	5	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	Any effect which requires the purging of a mark requires the purging of 2 marks of that type instead.  Any player may apply 5 influence to ignore this effect for the rest of the turn
Fate Calls	The Great War	greatwar.109	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny, Doom	R	Target a character you control.  If successful, that character gains a Destiny mark.  If unsuccessful, that character gains a Doom Mark.  For each 10 by which this conflict succeeds or fails, the character gains an additional mark of the appropriate type.
Fate Favors	The Great War	greatwar.110	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when the conflict resolves.  If the conflict was supported by a character with a Destiny Mark or opposed by another faction's character with a Doom Mark, Lost aftermaths cannot be played on this conflict.
Feast of Lights	Wheel of Fire	wheel.43	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reduce your Unrest by 1. If the conflict had no participation restrictions, draw 1 card for every 2 characters you control who supported the conflict. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
Feast of Strife	The Great War	greatwar.111	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to sponsor.  Rotate this agenda and apply 10 influence to cause any race with a tension of 5 toward another race to declare war against that race.  Each turn another player has 10 or more of his printed Military neutralized due to attacks, put 1 chaos token on this card.  Count the chaos tokens on this card as power.  Every player at war may initiated an additional war conflict each turn.
Feint	The Great War	greatwar.112	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply 3 influence per action you have already taken this turn. Cancel a target conflict you initiated. If you initiated with a conflict card, return the card to your hand. Reveal a conflict card in your hand. You must initiate the revealed conflict at your next opportunity. Your first participant in the revealed conflict gains +5 to all his abilities while supporting the conflict.
Fifth Column	Severed Dreams	dreams.49	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	You may purge any mark from the target, except a Doom Mark, to purge an identical mark from any character of your choice.
Fighter Base	The Great War	greatwar.113	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one of your locations.  This location is now a valid target for squadron fleet enhancements.  The location is then considered the "fleet" enhanced by the squadron.  Rotate this enhancement to transfer a squadron between a fleet you control and this location.
Final Destiny	Crusade	crusade.49	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	Any ability may be used in this conflict, but each participant provides a maximum of 5 support or opposition at resolution. If successful, you may give your ambassador a Destiny Mark and a Vorlon Mark, or give one of your participant characters a Vorlon Mark and return this conflict to your hand.
Final Frontier	Balance of Power	balance.39	0	Enhancement	Starting Drakh Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Take any number of non-Drakh non-Homeworld racial Location cards from your deck and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. Each of these cards must have a different title. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 5 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile. You cannot draw cards from your Crusade Pile through any other means
Final Resting Place	Apocrypha	apocrypha.53	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Babylon 4 conflict. Unique. Intrigue may be used in this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. You may discard this aftermath as an action to lower all tensions towards your faction by 2.
Find Focus	The Great War	greatwar.114	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	You must have no agenda in play. Rotate your ambassador. Search through your deck and select one agenda you could sponsor. Sponsor that agenda for free. While that agenda remains in play, you may only count influence as power.
Find of a Lifetime	Giants in the Playground	gitp.112	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Explorer. Unique. Play after you win an Explorer conflict. Choose one of the following: Card effects may not prevent you from winning this turn and your sources of power cannot be ignored, or draw up to three cards from your Crusade Pile, or gain 1 Influence. Discard this aftermath after play.
Findell	Anla'shok	rangers.43	4	Character	Neutral	2	1	0	0	0		C	Ranger. If your ambassador is a Ranger (or you control Range One) you may sponsor Ranger characters and groups of any race at printed cost ignoring all other cost modifications.
Finish the War	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.134	0	Agenda	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		F	Once per turn you may lose 1 influence to raise your tension toward the Humans by 1. If your tension toward the Humans is at 5, you may declare war conflicts against human factions and they may declare war conflicts against you.is in play.
Fiona Temple	The Telepath War	teepwar.49	11	Character	Neutral	4	3	13	0	0	Destiny	F	Cannot be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction unless sponsored by any version of Alfred Bester. When you promote Fiona Temple, increase your Unrest by 1.While Fiona Temple is in your Inner Circle, Neutral teeps can be sponsored at -2 influence cost.
Fire Up Power Plant	Apocrypha	apocrypha.76	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If this conflict succeeds, this card becomes a Faction enhancement. While that enhancement is in play, you may rotate it to restore up to 2 influence. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you may search your deck for a character card that can replace one of your participant characters.
Fire in the Hole	Balance of Power	balance.4	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet you control that is participating in a conflict. Ready the targeted fleet and inflict two damage on any other fleet participating in the same conflict. The targeted fleet is no longer a participant in the conflict and until the end of the turn can no longer become a participant in that conflict.
Fireball	Crusade	crusade.50	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Legacy. Target a character controlled by another player. Apply any amount of influence when you play this event, up to the number of Techno-mage characters and/or fleets in your faction. Inflict one point of damage to the target for each point of influence you applied.
Firell	Giants in the Playground	gitp.97	5	Character	Minbari	0	2	0	0	0		F	Ranger. Medical. Rotate Firell and target a neutralized Ranger character with no more than 2 severe damage tokens. While Firell remains rotated and the character is neutralized, the character is not discarded and heals as an Inner Circle character. This is a sustainable action.
First Battle Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.135	8	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	7		F	
First Battle Fleet (Human)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.136	8	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	7		F	
First Battle Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.137	10	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	9		F	
First Battle Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.138	9	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	8		F	
First Contact Diplomat	The Telepath War	teepwar.37	7	Character	Centauri	3	3	0	0	0		F	Explorer. When sponsoring First Contact Diplomat, reduce another faction’s tension towards you by 1. That faction’s controller may lower their Unrest level by 1.While participating in a “First Contact Protocols” conflict, First Contact Diplomat applies +3 Diplomacy at resolution.
First Contact Protocols	Crusade	crusade.51	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Explorer. Each player may only initiate this conflict once per game. Target another player.  If successful, the target must transfer one influence to you, and all conflicts initiated by the target player next turn gain +10 automatic support.
First One Intel	Giants in the Playground	gitp.34	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Limited. Discard this enhancement as an action to reduce the influence cost of the next First One, Shadow or Vorlon card you sponsor by 2. Discard this enhancement as an action to reduce mark requirement of the next First One, Shadow or Vorlon card you sponsor by 1 of any mark on the attached character.
First One Intervention	The Great War	greatwar.115	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have no Shadow or Vorlon Marks and the Shadow War must be in effect.  Neutralize one target participant fleet.  The fleet must have supported a conflict requiring Shadow or Vorlon Marks to initiate.
First One Involvement	The Great War	greatwar.116	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have no Shadow or Vorlon Marks, and the Shadow War must be in effect. Apply any amount of influence. For each point of influence do one of the following: Apply 3 opposition to a conflict that requires Shadow or Vorlon Marks to initiate. Apply 7 opposition to Shadow Cloud or Vorlon Planet Killer. Apply 1 damage to a Shadow or Vorlon fleet.
First One Protection	The Great War	greatwar.117	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on your ambassador while the Shadow War is in effect. You cannot reveal this card if you have any Shadow or Vorlon Marks.  Reveal this card when a card you control is attacked. If the attacker is a Shadow or Vorlon fleet or has any Shadow or Vorlon Marks, the target of the attack suffers no damage from the attack.
First One Representative	Giants in the Playground	gitp.145	7	Character	First One	1	4	0	7	0	Destiny	F	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. Any faction with at least 6 Destiny marks or Lorien may sponsor this character at normal cost. May only participate in conflicts which already have a tainted or First One participant.  Rotate this character to prevent the purge or transfer of a Destiny mark from your faction that is caused by another player.
First One Toxin	Giants in the Playground	gitp.61	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action on target Intrigue conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, inflict up to 5 damage on a single First One, Shadow or Vorlon character participating in this conflict. This can even target untouchable characters.
First Squadron	The Great War	greatwar.118	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	While this enhancement is ready, the target gains +1 Military.  Rotate this squadron to apply 1 damage to a fleet participating in the same conflict as the fleet this card enhances.
First United Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.119	0	Fleet	United	0	0	0	0	15		R	Any player with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks may discard fleets he controls, loyal to at least two different races or species, with a combined Military of at least 15 to sponsor this fleet for free.  While this fleet is an unneutralized conflict participant, Shadow and Vorlon fleets cannot support or oppose the conflict.
Fixed in Their Ways	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.139	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	U	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play. Target yourself.  Each turn in which you must discard a fleet to a card which required Shadow Marks to bring into play, your ambassador gains 1 Vorlon Mark.  Your ambassador gains 1 Vorlon Mark when you sponsor this enhancement.
Flarn	Wheel of Fire	wheel.44	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character's race. Minbari: Gain +1 to each ability until end of turn. Human: Rotate for no effect. Narn or Centauri: Take 1 point of damage. Non-Aligned (except Pak'ma'ra): target's controller must apply 1 influence (if possible).
Flash Mob	The Vorlons	vorlons.43	0	Aftermath	Narn Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a conflict that you won by 5 or more. Sponsor a Multiple Narn character or fleet from your hand or discard pile for free. Discard this aftermath after play.
Flashback	Severed Dreams	dreams.50	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. You may only play this card as an aftermath to a Babylon 4 Conflict. The initiator may return one non-Unique conflict card in any discard pile to its owner's hand. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Flashy Maneuvers	Anla'shok	rangers.44	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. Target a Ranger character. Reveal when a Babylon 5 or Unified fleet being led by this character is attacked. The fleet applies its damage first during the attack.
Fleet Support Base	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.140	8	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target one of your locations.  Rotate this enhancement to repair up to 4 total points of damage from any combination of fleets you control.
Fleet of the Line	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.141	10	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	8		R	This fleet gains +4 Military while participating in a Military conflict that targets you.
Fleets on the Border	The Great War	deluxe.142	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use their Military to support or oppose a target Diplomacy conflict.
Flood with Tachyon Particles	Apocrypha	apocrypha.94	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a conflict. It becomes an Enigma conflict until the end of the turn.
Foam-Protect	Apocrypha	apocrypha.23	0	Contingency		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target any card you control in play. Reveal when an enhancement or other contingency attached to the same card as this contingency is being discarded or shuffled into your deck by another player’s action. Negate that action, and discard this contingency.
Focus Your Efforts	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.143	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one of your participant characters. Reduce one of his abilities (of 2 or more) by 2, and raise another of his abilities by 2.
Foiled Scheme	Severed Dreams	dreams.51	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	The conflict must have failed by 25 or more. Target the initiator's agenda. The target provides no power. If the target is replaced, this aftermath transfers to the new agenda, which is now this card's target.
Followers of G'Quan	The Shadows	shadows.55	4	Group	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		R	While any character with Shadow Marks is supporting a conflict, all Narn characters opposing the conflict gain +1 to the ability they are using in that conflict.  Discard this group if you have any Shadow Marks in your faction.
Foment Discord	Wheel of Fire	wheel.45	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	At resolution, apply opposition to all conflicts equal to all conflicts equal to the initator's unrest times 5. This effect is not cumulative with other copies of Foment Discord. Each time a conflict initiated by another player fails, place a Discord Token on this card. Discard 5 Discord Tokens from this card to reduce any player's power by 1 or increase his Unrest by 1. If your Unrest is 1, you have at least 15 power, and all other players have an Unrest of 5, you score a Major Victory this turn.
For My People	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.144	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	C	Rotate and neutralize your ambassador. Your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark.
For the Common Good	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.145	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate your ambassador and lose 1 influence. Babylon 5 gains 2 influence.
For the Future	The Great War	greatwar.121	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Apply any even amount of influence. Place half that many cards from your hand on top of your deck, then shuffle your deck.
For the Good of All	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.146	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	For each of your characters or fleets that is neutralized this turn, and for each Destiny Mark you have, you gain +2 influence to use on the next turn only.  This influence does not count toward power.
Force Majeure	The Great War	greatwar.122	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have at least 20 power to sponsor this agenda.  If the sum of your fleet's Military is at least double and at least 20 more than the combined fleet Military of all other factions, and you win a war conflict initiated while this agenda is in play, you score a Major Victory that turn.  Your Expeditionary Fleet may support or oppose Diplomacy conflicts.
Force Omega	Wheel of Fire	wheel.46	10	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	10		U	Force Omega has +1 damage resistance for each Fleet Enhancement that targets it.
Force Them Back	Severed Dreams	dreams.52	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	If the Shadow War is in effect, initiate a Diplomacy Conflict or a Military Conflict targeting either the Shadows or the Vorlons. If successful, the target loses 1 influence for each faction that had a participant support the conflict. If, during resolution, both the Shadows and Vorlons have less than 20 influence, the Shadow War is no longer in effect until either has 20 or more influence again. (This is not the same as the Shadow War having ended.)
Force the Issue	A New Beginning	beginning.90	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Target any player.  On the next turn, he must initiate a non-Universal conflict or lose 1 influence.
Forced Commitment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.147	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target yourself.   Any war conflict initiated against you must be supported by at least two fleets or the initiator automatically loses the conflict.   Apply 5 influence during the draw round, or discard this enhancement.
Forced Down	Crusade	crusade.53	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player has the single most support gains +1 influence and must, if possible, neutralize one supporting (row) character (of his choice) controlled by the player with the least support (or one controlled by each player with the least support if there is a tie).
Forced Evolution	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.148	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Shadow marks. Count the Shadow's influence minus the Vorlon's influence as power. You may transfer 1 influence per turn to the Shadows. Rotate agenda and apply target fleet's influence cost to neutralize 1 fleet with Military less than Shadowinfluence. Purge 1 Shadow Mark from your faction.
Forced Impairment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.149	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one card.   If successful, this conflict becomes an enhancement on the target card.   While enhanced by this card, treat the card as if its effect text were blank.
Forceful Interrogation	Balance of Power	balance.57	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a non-ambassador character with an attached Lost aftermath or Lost Participant aftermath. The character does not apply any support or opposition at the resolution of conflicts they are participating in.
Forces Collide	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.150	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to play.   Target one enhancement.   Apply influence equal to the cost of the enhancement, plus 1 per Vorlon Mark required to play the card.   Discard the enhancement.
Forell	Wheel of Fire	wheel.47	7	Character	Minbari	3	3	0	0	0		C	Religious Caste. Any Drakh player may sponsor Forell at normal cost.  Rotate Forell to place one Chaos Token on him for every 6 points of Minbari influence in the game.
Foresee Future Events	Giants in the Playground	gitp.13	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Out of Turn. You must rotate a Techno-mage, Seeress or Soul Hunter character you control as an additional cost to play this card. You may only play this card in reaction to any faction searching their deck for one or more cards. That faction may only search the top ten cards of their deck for those cards.
Forget Something?	Psi Corps	psicorps.61	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another player's non-major Agenda that could be discarded. If you win by 5 or more, return that agenda to its controller's deck. Reshuffle that deck.
Forging Alliances	The Shadows	shadows.57	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	For each 5 Influence Babylon 5 has when sponsored, and each time Babylon 5 reaches a new multiple of 5 Influence, select one race. You may sponsor and promote characters of those races as if they were members of your race. If you use this effect, you cannot apply any other cost reduction. Count each selected race as 1 power.
Form Jump Point	Balance of Power	balance.142	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a Fleet you control with a current Military of 7 or more, or rotate a Jump Gate location you control. Reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Location card. Take that Location card into your hand and shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck.
Form the War Council	Balance of Power	balance.87	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Crusade. Unique. You cannot initiate this conflict if you have any Shadow or Vorlon marks. Tainted characters cannot participate in this conflict. If successful, search your deck for any number of Babylon 5 enhancements with a combined influence cost equal or lower than the strength with which this conflict succeeds. Reveal them to all players and take them into your hand. Afterwards you must shuffle your deck.
Fourth United Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.64	0	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	15	Strife	F	Any player with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks may discard fleets he controls, loyal to at least two different races or species, with a combined Military of at least 15 to sponsor this fleet for free. While opposing in a conflict that targets a location, this fleet gains +5 Military. If this conflict was initiated by a Drakh faction, this fleet need not rotate to participate in the conflict.
Frank Kemmer	Apocrypha	apocrypha.24	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	1	0		F	While leading a fleet with a printed Military of less than 4, Frank Kemmer has +2 Leadership. If any version of Lianna Kemmer or Michael Garibaldi is discarded, prevent that discard, and discard Frank Kemmer instead.
Franklin — Off Duty	The Vorlons	vorlons.44	6	Character	Human	4	3	0	0	0		U	May be replaced by Stephen Franklin, transferring all attached cards and marks. When you win a conflict that this character is supporting you may draw a card.
Fray at the Edges	The Great War	greatwar.123	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 4 Shadow Marks to play. All players skip the Ready round next turn. (Cards which can sustain must sustain.)
Frederick Lantz	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.151	9	Character	Human	7	0	0	0	0		F	If there are any conflicts in play which can raise tension that Frederick Lantz can oppose, Frederick Lantz must oppose one. You cannot pass until he has done so.
Free Phobos	The Telepath War	teepwar.5	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Players must apply 1 influence or discard a Credit Token for no effect as an additional cost when attacking characters who have at least one Weapon enhancement attached.
Free Trade	Wheel of Fire	wheel.48	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Requires a State of Free Trade between two ISA members. If successful, this card becomes a Global Aftermath targeting all ISA members. While this Aftermath is in play, suppress all States of Free Trade involving an ISA member, and all ISA members have their influence rating increased by +2.
Free the Souls	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.152	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	If this conflict is successful, discard every Soul Hunter in play.  If you win by 5 or more, your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark and this card becomes an aftermath. While it is in play no player may sponsor a Soul Hunter.
Freedom of Choice	The Shadows	shadows.58	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play after at least one card requiring Shadow Marks or requiring Vorlon Marks was played by the initiator during the turn.  Babylon 5 gains +2 Influence.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Fresh Produce	Balance of Power	balance.78	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, heal 1 point of damage on each participant in this conflict. If this heals at least one point of damage from at least three participants you do not control, your ambassador gains a Destiny Mark.
Friendless & Forgotten	Severed Dreams	dreams.53	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an agenda with a race requirement. All factions except the conflict initiator must have opposed the conflict. The target agenda is blanked, and may not be discarded or replaced by another copy of the same agenda.
From the Sidelines	The Great War	greatwar.124	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any character. This turn, when that character rotates to support or oppose a conflict, he does not become a conflict participant, though his ability is still applied during resolution.
Front Man	The Great War	greatwar.125	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal after the character is attacked during a conflict.  Your other characters participating in the same conflict cannot be attacked.
Front Page Exposure	Psi Corps	psicorps.62	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a Media card you control and target a faction with a Conspiracy Mark. Raise the Unrest of the target by +1. If the conflict failed by 10 or more raise the target's Unrest by an additional +1. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Fugitive Fleet	The Vorlons	vorlons.45	1	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	8		R	You may only sponsor this fleet when you have at least 2 Narn fleets in your discard pile.
Fulcrum of Power	The Great War	greatwar.126	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		C	Your cost to sponsor Neutral and Non-Aligned characters is reduced by 1.  You may apply additional influence each turn equal to the number of different Non-Aligned species in your Inner Circle.  Each time there is a Babylon 5 vote and the Non-Aligned vote breaks a tie, gain +1 power.
Full Mobilization	Anla'shok	rangers.45	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	The cost for you to sponsor, play or promote any card is increased by an amount equal to your unrest.  You may sponsor and promote cards without rotating an Inner Circle character.  Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, if you are not a Drakh faction, you may rotate this agenda to gain +1 power.
Further Gains	The Great War	greatwar.128	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated which has no participation restrictions (besides conflict type).  Reveal when the conflict resolves, if you win by 10 or more.  Gain +1 influence.
Futility	The Great War	greatwar.129	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	The initiator must have lost the conflict by 10 or more.  Target a participant non-ambassador character.  The target character cannot participate in any conflict unless the controller applies an amount of influence equal to the ability the character is using to participate in the conflict.
Future Corp	Anla'shok	rangers.46	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. May be sponsored at -4 cost by Taro Isoge. Your inner circle Corporate characters get +2 Diplomacy. If you are the Corporate faction and an ISA member then, while your mutual tensions with all ISA members are at 1, your influence rating is increased by 1.
G'Dan	Anla'shok	rangers.48	7	Character	Narn	3	3	0	2	0		U	Corporate. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn, for each opponent with at least one Weapon or Fleet Enhancement in their faction at the beginning of the turn.
G'Dok	The Vorlons	vorlons.47	6	Character	Narn	3	3	0	0	0	Strife	C	Warrior. If this character is ready when another Narn character is attacked you may make this character the target of the attack instead. When this character becomes neutralized, you may return him to his owner's hand.
G'Drog	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.153	6	Character	Narn	2	0	0	3	0		C	Any ready fleet led by  G'Drog can take damage in place of any Narn fleet being attacked.  G'Drog's fleet is then rotated.
G'Drog (enigma)	The Vorlons	vorlons.48	5	Character	Narn	0	0	0	3	0		C	Any fleet led by this character gains +2 Military if either an Enigma location or "Sigma 957" is in play.
G'Kar (Babylon 5)	Apocrypha	apocrypha.88	0	Character	Narn	4	0	0	2	0	Destiny	F	Narn Starting Ambassador. Member of the Kha’Ri. While G’Kar is unneutralized, reduce all Babylon 5 influence losses caused by other factions by 1 (to a minimum of 1). 
G'Kar (ISA)	Anla'shok	rangers.50	0	Character	Narn	5	1	0	3	0	Destiny	R	Narn Starting Ambassador. You begin the game with a copy of "Interstellar Alliance" and one Enhancement with boldface text "ISA" in your starting hand as additional cards. These do not count against your standard starting hand limits.
G'Kar (psi)	The Vorlons	vorlons.49	0	Character	Narn	4	0	3	4	0	Vorlon	R	Narn Starting Ambassador. At the end of the turn, if this character's printed Psi is greater than zero, he takes 1 damage. Once per game, rotate G'Kar as an action to search your deck for a card picturing a Destiny mark, reveal it to all players and put it in your hand. Reshuffle your deck afterwards.
G'Kar Enlightened	The Great War	greatwar.130	0	Character	Narn	7	2	0	3	0	Destiny	R	Must replace G'Kar.  G'Kar must have a Psi above 0.  Transfer all aftermaths, enhancements and marks, then rotate and neutralize G'Kar Enlightened.  Damage to G'Kar Enlightened does not reduce his abilities, unless the damage is enough to neutralize him. All Strife Marks attached to G'Kar Enlightened are ignored.
G'Kar Forsaken	Severed Dreams	dreams.55	0	Character	Narn	4	4	0	4	0	Doom	R	Must replace G'Kar if he has a Shadow Mark, transferring all attached cards and marks. If he attacks and neutralizes a non-ambassador Shadow Character or a Neutral Character who has a Shadow Mark, that character immediately unneutralizes and becomes a supporting character for your faction. You may not control or play any other card with "G'Quan" in its title or effect text.
G'Kar the Prophet	Collector's Edition	collector.4	0	Character	Narn	12	10	0	5	0		F	Member of the Kha'Ri. Religious. Must replace G'Kar Enlightened, transferring any attached cards and marks as you choose. Rotate G'Kar the Prophet to prevent Narn characters from being attacked (unless they attacked first) while he remains rotated. This action cannot be sustained.
G'Kar, Explorer of the Rim	Apocrypha	apocrypha.8	0	Character	Narn	3	6	0	6	0	Destiny	F	Explorer. Must replace Citizen G’Kar, transferring all attached cards and marks. Choose another Narn Inner Circle character. They become your faction Ambassador instead of this character. When supporting an Explorer conflict, G’Kar, Explorer of the Rim applies double the used ability during resolution, and cannot be attacked. When leading a fleet that is supporting an Explorer conflict, G’Kar, Explorer of the Rim gains +3 Leadership.
G'Kar, Ranger Liaison	Giants in the Playground	gitp.45	0	Character	Narn	5	5	0	5	0	Destiny	F	Crusade. Ranger.  Must replace Citizen G’Kar, transferring all attached cards and marks. If your faction is a member of the ISA, G’Kar, Ranger Liaison gains +2 to all non-zero abilities. While G’Kar, Ranger Liaison is ready, the influence cost to sponsor or promote your Ranger characters is reduced by 2.
"G'Lan"	The Vorlons	vorlons.50	6	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0	2x Vorlon	R	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. Can be sponsored by Narn factions at normal cost. Rotate "G'Lan" as an action when you are losing a conflict in which you have at least 5 support to target and attack a participant character or fleet in that conflict using Psi. After the attack, discard "G'Lan". "G'Lan" is not a version of Kosh.
G'Lorn	Giants in the Playground	gitp.77	7	Character	Narn	0	2	0	2	0		F	When you sponsor G’Lorn, you may target an enhancement attached to a Centauri fleet or Centauri location. Discard the target.
G'Neb	The Great War	greatwar.131	4	Character	Narn	0	0	0	4	0		U	G'Neb cannot participate in any conflict which already has a participant fleet led by a Narn character.  Once G'Neb is participating in a conflict, no more Narn leaders can participate.
G'Obel	Wheel of Fire	wheel.49	8	Character	Narn	3	2	0	2	0		R	Kha'Ri Advisor. Rotate G'Obel and target a conflict that targets you: Leadership may now be used to oppose the conflict. G'Obel counts +1 Diplomacy for each Member of the Kha'Ri who is an Inner Circle character.
G'Qarn	Balance of Power	balance.133	4	Character	Narn	2	1	0	0	0		F	While G’Kar is your ambassador and G’Qarn is unneutralized, G’Kar gains a Strife mark and a Vorlon mark.
Galen	Crusade	crusade.54	9	Character	Neutral	3	5	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Techno-mage. Crusade. Legacy. Once per turn, as an action, you may place a card from your hand underneath Galen. When attacked (before the attack is resolved), or at resolution of a conflict, you may discard all of these cards to give Galen +2 to one ability of your choice for every card thus discarded. This bonus lasts for the rest of this turn.
Galen's Crystal Ball	Crusade	crusade.55	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Legacy. Target a Techno-mage. As an action, rotate this enhancement to place the bottom card in your discard pile on the bottom of your deck.
Galen's Magic Rock	Crusade	crusade.56	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Target a participant Techno-mage character you control. When it is your turn to declare a conflict during the conflict round, you may discard this card to search your deck or Crusade Pile for a conflict you could initiate and take it into your hand. You may then initiate it as normal with +10 automatic support.
Galen's Ship	Crusade	crusade.57	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	2		R	Techno-mage. Crusade. Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. Galen may sponsor this card for zero cost and may lead it using Diplomacy. Cannot be attacked or targeted by events without your permission. The first time this card is sponsored by the player who controls Galen, Galen gains one mark of your choice.
Galen's Staff	Crusade	crusade.58	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage character you control. The target gains a Strife Mark. The target may participate in Psi conflicts using Intrigue. As an action, remove this card from the game and neutralize its target to discard an aftermath or enhancement targeting you that required marks to play.
Game of Basketball	The Telepath War	teepwar.1	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	This conflict only allows participants while it has less than 10 participants. Target another faction. Non-Neutral characters of your two factions apply double Leadership during resolution.If successful, you gain +1 Power. If you win by 5 or more, the targeted faction must transfer 1 influence to you instead. If unsuccessful, exchange recipients of these effects.
Ganymede	The Telepath War	teepwar.107	7	Location	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	9		F	Psi Corps. Requires 2 Shadow marks. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.Rotate this location and target a teep. Choose one of your characters. The target loses Psi (to a minimum of 1) equal to the number of Shadow marks the chosen character has.
Garibaldi	Anla'shok	rangers.47	10	Character	Neutral	3	8	0	1	0	Doom, Strife	R	Spymaster. May replace any version of Garibaldi with a lower printed influence cost while he is in an ISA faction and has no Doom marks. Discard Garibaldi if he is not in an ISA faction or has at least two Doom marks. During the conflict round, you may look at one unrevealed conflict card. If you do so, Garibaldi may oppose that conflict using Intrigue.
Garibaldi — Off Duty	The Vorlons	vorlons.46	6	Character	Human	1	4	0	2	0	Strife	U	May be replaced by Michael Garibaldi, transferring all attached cards and marks. When you win a conflict that this character is supporting, target an unneutralized character that is supporting a different unresolved conflict and inflict 2 damage to it.
Garibaldi, Top Dog	The Telepath War	teepwar.92	13	Character	Neutral	2	7	0	5	0	Conspiracy	F	Corporate. Must replace either “M. Garibaldi, CEO” or “Disillusioned Garibaldi”. Transfer all attached cards and marks.Each time you win a Corporate conflict, add a Credit Token to this character. If you discard 4 Credit Token from him, Garibaldi, Top Dog can participate in Psi conflicts using his Intrigue until the end of the turn.During the resolution of a “Sponsor Rebels” conflict you initiated and won by 10 or more, if this character participated in the conflict, you gain +1 Power and all Psi Corps factions lose 1 Influence .
Garrick	Balance of Power	balance.129	10	Character	Human	0	4	6	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Must replace Bloodhound, transferring all attached cards and marks. Garrick keeps the game text of the Bloodhound character he replaced. While Garrick participates in a conflict, all Neutral teeps that participate in the same conflict have -1 Psi.
Garrison Duty	The Great War	greatwar.133	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Neutralize a fleet you control with a military ability of at least twice your current unrest. Reduce your current unrest by 1.
Garrison Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.156	4	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	4		U	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Gather Rebels	The Shadows	shadows.59	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play.  Your Ambassador gains a Shadow Mark.  Count each Disaffected character you control as 1 power. Disaffected characters in your Inner Circle may sponsor the First and Second Battle Fleets from their races at normal cost. Disaffected sponsoring bonuses also apply toward promoting for you.
Gaze Upon Home	Apocrypha	apocrypha.135	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Target a character. If you control your faction’s Homeworld, that character gains +4 to all non-zero abilities.
Gear Up for War	The Great War	greatwar.134	10	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target your faction.  Place a mobilization token on this card when it is sponsored.  As an action, apply 7 influence to add a mobilization token to this card.  At the end of the turn, you must apply 1 influence for each token on the card or remove 1 token.  All fleets you control gain +1 Military for each 2 mobilization tokens on this card.
General Franklin	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.157	8	Character	Human	3	0	0	3	0		U	General Franklin gains +5 Leadership while leading a fleet that is supporting a Military conflict that targets a location.
General Hague	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.158	10	Character	Human	3	3	0	3	0		F	Rotate General Hague as an action to add a construction token to this card. Each time you sponsor a fleet, remove all construction tokens from General Hague. Each token removed reduces the cost for you to sponsor that fleet by 2 (to a minimum cost of 0).
General Ivanova	Crusade	crusade.59	12	Character	Human	5	5	0	5	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Must replace Captain Ivanova. Transfer all attached cards and marks. Whenever you win a war conflict, or when a conflict initiated by another player that targets you is lost, gain +1 influence and reduce your Unrest by 1.  This character cannot be attacked by Humans, Drakh, or Rangers. As an action, rotate to search your deck until you find the first Human or Babylon 5 Fleet you could sponsor. You may then apply influence equal to its printed cost to put it into play.
General Na'Tok	Wheel of Fire	wheel.50	10	Character	Narn	4	2	0	5	0	Strife	U	Narn Warleader. Member of the Kha'Ri. Narn Agitator. May replace Na'Kal, transferring all attached cards and marks. Remove Na'Kal from the game. Any fleet led by General Na'Tok has +1 damage resistance for each Strife Mark attached to him.
Genius Loci	Crusade	crusade.60	7	Character	Neutral	1	4	0	0	0		R	Techno-mage. Legacy. While Genius Loci is unneutralized and participating in a conflict, all other characters and fleets immediately take 1 point of damage when they rotate to participate in that conflict (before attacks resolve). If Genius Loci is discarded from play, he is removed from the game instead.
Gerontocracy	Wheel of Fire	wheel.51	0	Enhancement	Non-aligned Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Hyach. You must apply influence equal to the number of Hyach cards in play to sponsor this Enhancement. Rotate this card to place a number of Wisdom Tokens on it equal to the number of Hyach characters in play. As an action, remove 5 Wisdom tokens and target a Hyach character to give the target +1 Diplomacy, Intrigue, or Leadership (permanently).
Gestalt	Psi Corps	psicorps.63	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Target a conflict. For the rest of the turn, all unneutralized non-Psi Corps teeps opposing the conflict are members of the Gestalt. Whenever a member of the Gestalt is attacked, reduce the amount of damage inflicted by the attacker by 1 for each member of the Gestalt. You may then distribute the damage however you wish among the members of the Gestalt.
Getting into Character	Giants in the Playground	gitp.78	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action on target conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, all participants that share a Boldface text with the conflict apply an additional +1 support to the conflict.
Getting on in Years	Apocrypha	apocrypha.115	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character that was supporting the conflict. While this aftermath is attached, they can only participate in conflicts using an ability that is higher that 4. The controller of the attached character may apply the printed influence cost of that character to discard this aftermath.
Ghost Ship	Crusade	crusade.61	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. Target another player. Psi may be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, you may neutralize a character and/or a fleet of your choice controlled by the target. If you succeed by 10 or more, gain +1 power.
Ghost of the Copernicus	Balance of Power	balance.84	11	Character	Drakh	1	5	5	1	0	2x Strife, Shadow, Conspiracy	F	May replace Soldier of Darkness. Cannot become an Inner Circle character. Discard 2 cards from your hand and rotate this character to attack any character using a non-zero ability of the target character ( your choice ) as an action. If at least one of the discarded cards was a Character Enhancement card, this character gains an additional Strife mark until the end of the turn.
Ghost of the Past	Apocrypha	apocrypha.123	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you control and any version of that character that is an earlier version of the targeted character. The earlier version must either have been removed from the game or be in your discard pile. Until the end of the turn, the targeted character gains the game text of the card in the discard pile.
Giant Fusion Bomb	Severed Dreams	dreams.56	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. Apply Shadow influence as automatic opposition. If successful, Babylon 5 must transfer 1 influence to you, and this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. If unsuccessful, your participant fleet with the highest Militaryis neutralized and its leader is discarded (unless he is your ambassador).
Give Them What They Want	Anla'shok	rangers.49	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Nightwatch. Rotate a Nightwatch fleet or Inner Circle Nightwatch character to play this conflict. Your ambassador gains a Doom mark. Target a race other than yours. If your succeed, each character of that race takes one damage. If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain 1 Power.
Glitch	The Shadows	shadows.60	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an enhancement.  The enhancement's effect is negated for the rest of the turn.
Glory	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.159	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy or Military	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Target ambassador gains a Destiny Mark.
Gluttony	A New Beginning	beginning.34	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character, only if you have resolved at least two events whose effects depend on the target character’s race (For example "Brevari!"). The target doesn’t ready while this aftermath is attached to it. Its controller may apply influence equal to the target’s printed cost to discard this aftermath.
Go To The Sea	Giants in the Playground	gitp.89	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Discard one of your ready Inner Circle characters. Apply influence equal to the character’s Diplomacy. You gain +1 influence for every 4 Diplomacy ability of the character you discarded.
Good Press	The Great War	greatwar.135	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If successful, on the next turn the cost for any other faction to sponsor cards of your race increases by an amount equal to the amount by which this conflict succeeds, and you may sponsor one card loyal to your race at a discount equal to that same amount.
Good to Go	Psi Corps	psicorps.64	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a location you control to ready a fleet you control. The effect of the fleet's action is not canceled. It may not participate in the same conflict more than once this turn.
Goods and Services	Crusade	crusade.62	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Restore any amount of influence, up to an amount equal to Babylon 5's current influence. You may only use this restored influence to pay for the cost of promoting characters into your Inner Circle, or for repairing fleet damage.
Government Aid	The Shadows	shadows.61	8	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target your faction. You may only sponsor or make use of this enhancement if your unrest is at 2 or less. If a war conflict is initiated against you and you have no fleets in play, go through your deck until you find the first fleet of your race. Put this fleet into play at no cost then shuffle your deck.  Discard the fleet at the end of the turn.
Government Hostility	The Shadows	shadows.62	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	During resolution, apply the target faction's unrest as opposition to each conflict initiated by the faction.  Discard this enhancement if the target faction's unrest is at 1.
Government Opposition	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.160	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Choose a race for this group to affect when its first played.  Rotate and apply influence equal to the cost of a target group of that race.  Treat that group as if it had no effect text for the rest of the turn.
Grappling Hooks	Apocrypha	apocrypha.104	5	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet with an attached Squadron. You may rotate Grappling Hooks as an action and discard a Squadron attached to the fleet to inflict 3 damage to an unneutralized fleet participating in the same conflict as the fleet. You may rotate and discard Grappling Hooks to return a Squadron enhancement from your discard pile to your hand.
Grassroots Support	The Great War	greatwar.136	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a location loyal to your race in the control of another faction of your race. If successful, put the location back into the owner's hand. In addition you may (immediately) sponsor a copy of the location from your hand for free.
Gravity Well	Severed Dreams	dreams.57	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Military Conflict. For the rest of the turn, whenever any player rotates a fleet to participate in the target conflict, each fleet already participating first suffers 1 damage.
Greed	Psi Corps	psicorps.66	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Neutral Character with no Destiny Marks. The target gains the text "Mercenary". The target cannot attack. Discard this enhancement if the target is an Inner Circle character.
Greegil D'Farkin	Apocrypha	apocrypha.44	7	Character		0	4	0	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Corporate. While Greegil D’Farkin is in play, any version of G’Kar in play loses 1 from each ability. If any version of G’Kar is in play, Greegil D’Farkin gains +1 Intrigue.
Grey 17 is Missing	Balance of Power	balance.30	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player (or players, if tied) generates the most support may search their deck for a Location enhancement and immediately sponsor it for free. If a player generates the single most support and wins by 5 or more, they gain +1 Power.
Grey Council Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.161	13	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	13		R	You may only initiate Military conflicts that target a player with whom you are at war. This fleet may be promoted to your Inner Circle. If this fleet is then neutralized, it heals as an Inner Circle character until unneutralized and is not discarded.(The fleet is not otherwise treated as an Inner Circle character.)
Grievance	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.162	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target the winner of the conflict.  Hold a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, target loses 1 influence, while you and Babylon 5 gain 1 influence.  If the vote fails, you lose 1 influence. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Grome Bigot	The Vorlons	vorlons.51	7	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	0	0	0	Strife	C	Multiple. Grome. Agitator. If a character that Grome Bigot has attacked this turn is discarded from play, the character's controller loses 1 Power.
Ground Forces	The Great War	greatwar.137	0	Contingency	Location	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when the location is targeted by a conflict which could conquer the location.  This card becomes an enhancement which provides the location +10 Military.
Growing Distrust	The Great War	greatwar.138	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an opposable conflict. During resolution, for each player who could have participated in the conflict but did not, apply opposition to the conflict equal to that player's tension toward the initiating race.
Growing Skepticism	The Shadows	shadows.64	3	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	The cost for the target faction to sponsor groups loyal to his own race increases by his unrest.
Growth in Chaos	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.163	0	Agenda	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	C	Your ambassador gains a Shadow Mark. The cost for you to play cards requiring Shadow Marks is reduced by 1 for each Shadow Mark you have.  You may rotate this agenda to give a character +1 Leadership per Shadow Mark you have for the rest of the turn.  Count each 2 Shadow Marks you have as 1 power.
Guarded Resource	The Great War	greatwar.139	0	Contingency	Enhancement	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reveal when an effect occurs which would discard the enhancement.  Do not discard the enhancement.
Guerillas	Psi Corps	psicorps.67	0	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	The cost to sponsor this enhancement is equal to the number of players in the game. Each player's power is reduced by an amount equal to 1 less than his Unrest.
Guilds	Wheel of Fire	wheel.52	4	Group	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Draw a card when you sponsor this Group. You may sponsor and promote Merchants, Vree cards, and Brakiri cards at -1 cost (non-cumulative for the same card). You may apply additional influence each turn equal to the number of Merchants you control.
Guilt	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.164	0	Aftermath	Won Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character who led a fleet that made an attack during the conflict. Any fleets the character leads may not attack.
Guinevere Corey	Anla'shok	rangers.51	7	Character	Human	1	3	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Rotate Guinevere Corey to rotate a target non-ambassador character unless its controller applies influence equals to Guinevere Corey's intrigue. Cannot be sustained.
Guinevere Corey, Attorney	Balance of Power	balance.3	8	Character	Human	2	4	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Legal. Must replace Guinevere Corey. Rotate this character and apply 3 influence to search your deck for a Legal event and put it into your hand.
Gunboat Diplomacy	The Great War	deluxe.165	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another race. If successful, players of that race lose 1 influence, and you gain +1 influence if you win by 5-9, or +2 influence if you win by 10 or more. If unsuccessful, exchange recipients of these effects. If one or more fleet attacks occur, Babylon 5 loses 1 influence and all players' tensions grow by 1 toward the race of the fleet that first attacked.
Gyor	The Great War	greatwar.141	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Gyor has 2 points of damage resistance.  Rotate Gyor to attack any (non-neutralized) character who has one or more Doom Marks using Diplomacy.  Any character can then rotate to attack Gyor using Diplomacy.
Gyor the Sho-rin	A New Beginning	beginning.51	8	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	0	0	0	2x Strife	F	Onteen. Warrior. Mu’tai. May replace Gyor, tranferring all marks and attached cards. If this card replaces Gyor, you may reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Mu’tai card. Put this card into your hand and shuffle all other revealed cards back into your deck.
H-100 Cleaning Robot	Apocrypha	apocrypha.51	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target either a Fleet enhancement or a Babylon 5 enhancement. Discard target enhancement. Babylon 5 either gains or loses 1 influence (your choice).
Hacker	The Great War	greatwar.142	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	The target character gains +2 Intrigue while a card in your faction, or your faction as a whole, is the target of an Intrigue Conflict. The target character gains a Strife Mark while participating in a conflict using Intrigue.
Hand of God Patrol Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.31	7	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	8	Conspiracy	F	Enigma. Hand of God. Fundamental. Allergic to Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 3 or more Conspiracy Marks. This fleet can only be led by Hand of God characters. This fleet gains +4 Military while opposing a conflict that already has a Shadow, Vorlon or First One participant supporting it. As an action, you may purge any amount of Conspiracy marks from your faction to increase the current Military of this fleet by double the amount of Conspiracy marks purged.
Hand of God Representative	Giants in the Playground	gitp.35	10	Character	First One	0	6	0	4	0	2x Conspiracy	F	Enigma. Hand of God. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Allergic to Shadow-tainted cards. Any faction with at least 6 Conspiracy marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. Rotate this character to prevent the purge or transfer of a Conspiracy mark from your faction that is caused by another player.
Hand of God Strike Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.32	9	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	10	Strife	F	Enigma. Hand of God. Fundamental. Allergic to Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 5 or more Conspiracy Marks. This fleet can only be led by Hand of God characters. This fleet inflicts an additional point of damage for each of its Strife marks during an attack with a Shadow, Vorlon, or First One fleet. Any player other than this fleet’s controller must apply an additional 1 influence as a cost to target this fleet with an event or aftermath
Handy Dandy Micro Helper	Severed Dreams	dreams.58	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. Diplomacy and Intrigue may be used in this conflict. Any player may be supported in this conflict. The player with the most support may apply additional influence next turn equal to his influence rating at the end of this turn.
Harbinger Emissary	Giants in the Playground	gitp.17	7	Character	First One	0	6	15	2	0	Doom, Strife	F	Enigma. Harbinger. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted cards. Any faction with at least 6 Doom marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. May only participate in conflicts which already have a tainted or First One participant. Rotate this character to prevent the purge or transfer of a Doom mark from your faction that is caused by another player.
Harbinger Spire	Giants in the Playground	gitp.48	9	Location	First One	0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Harbinger. Unique. Any player may sponsor this location at normal cost if they have at least 3 Doom marks. Unless specifically permitted, no effect can target this location. Rotate this location and purge a Doom mark to play a fleet placed under this location at normal cost. If that fleet has a mark requirement, your Doom marks count as that mark type. The fleet permanently gains the Harbinger boldface text. Once per turn you may rotate this location to remove a neutralized fleet that was attacked by a Harbinger fleet from play and place it under this card.
Hard Lessons	The Great War	greatwar.144	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Reveal after the character is attacked and neutralized.  The character gains a Strife Mark.
Harriman Gray, Liaison	The Telepath War	teepwar.0	10	Character	Human	1	2	8	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Psi Corps Ambassador’s Assistant. Must replace Harriman Gray.While supporting a conflict that is being supported by your ambassador, Harriman Gray applies +2 support at resolution.Harriman Gray may use Psi to oppose a Military conflict that you could participate in.
Harvest Souls	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.166	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Rotate a Soul Hunter you control.  Your ambassador gains all the Destiny Marks from all supporting characters neutralized in the conflict. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Hate Crime	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.167	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player's supporting character. For each 5 strength by which this conflict succeeds, Babylon 5 loses 1 influence. If you succeed by 10 or more, discard target supporting character.
Hazardous Materials	Balance of Power	balance.77	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, inflict 1 point of damage on each participant in this conflict. If this neutralizes at least one participant, your ambassador gains a Conspiracy Mark.
Head on a Pike	Severed Dreams	dreams.59	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Discard a target neutralized participant non-ambassador character with 3 or more Shadow Marks, Vorlon Marks, or Doom Marks. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Healing Artifact	The Shadows	shadows.65	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique.  Rotate this enhancement and neutralize one of your Ready non-Ambassador Inner Circle characters.  Transfer any number of severe damage tokens from one target character to the character you just neutralized.
Heart Problems	Balance of Power	balance.120	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. You must rotate a Medical character or Medical group to play this aftermath. When played, if the attached character is a Centauri character, inflict 1 damage on them. Each time the attached character rotates to take an action, they have 1 damage inflicted on them.
Heart of Darkness	Anla'shok	rangers.52	4	Group	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this card to sponsor or promote a Drakh character. When a conflict targeting a Drakh character resolves, you may add +1 opposition for each unneutralized Drakh character in play.
Heavy Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.168	7	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	6		R	Multiple.
Heavy Losses	The Great War	greatwar.146	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Neutralize all participant fleets with Military of 2 or less. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Heavy Resistance	The Shadows	shadows.66	7	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Call a Babylon 5 vote when sponsored.  No player may count more than 19 power toward victory, though power may still be gained.  If a player gains influence from a conflict while at or above 19 power, he may ignore the effects of this card.  Discard thiscard if the Shadow War begins or the vote fails.  This card cannot be discarded by any other means.
Held Back	The Shadows	shadows.67	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	While target faction's unrest is at 5, the target cannot score a Standard Victory.
Hello, Old Friend	Severed Dreams	dreams.60	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. Each player may only initiate this conflict once per game. If successful, search your deck and take one character of your choice into your hand. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.) You may sponsor the character you retrieved at half costduring the next turn. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction.
Heralds of the Grey	The Shadows	shadows.68	4	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate this group and the Grey Council Fleet to give all Minbari characters who are not members of the Grey Council +1 Diplomacy and +1 Leadership for the rest of the turn.
Heroic Aid	The Great War	greatwar.147	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a neutralized fleet you control with no leader. Rotate a character you control whose Leadership is greater than the severe damage on the fleet. That character is now leading the fleet. Unneutralize the fleet, removing all severe damage tokens. Thefleet has normal damage equal to its printed Military plus the number of removed tokens.
Hidden Agent	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.170	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your ambassador. Select another faction that participated in the conflict. Discard any Hidden Agent that faction has affecting your faction. The selected player must choose and show you his face-down conflict card before you choose your conflict each turn.
Hidden Corruption	The Shadows	shadows.69	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Target a player. The target player must discard a group from his hand.  If he cannot discard a group, he must show you his hand.
Hidden Hand	Psi Corps	psicorps.69	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters may use half their Psi to oppose a target Intrigue conflict.
Hidden Knowledge	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.171	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 2 Vorlon Marks to play.   Apply up to 5 influence per player.  You may look at a number of cards from the top of each player's deck equal to the amount of influence you applied for that player.   Replace the cards in any order you desire.
Hidden Pressures	The Great War	greatwar.148	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a supporting character who rotated to support or oppose a conflict. Rotate a character you control whose highest ability is greater than the highest ability of the target character. You now decide how the target character supports or opposes the conflict.
Hidden Safehouse	The Shadows	shadows.70	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character.  The target character takes only half damage when attacked with Intrigue this turn.
Hidden Treasury	The Great War	greatwar.149	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reveal when it is not your action and you lose influence. Gain +1 influence.
Hide-bound	The Vorlons	vorlons.52	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a ready Centauri character or a ready character with at least one Doom mark. This character cannot be rotated this turn expect to heal itself.
High Level Connections	The Shadows	shadows.71	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Whenever the target faction's unrest increases, the player may immediately apply 7 influence to prevent the increase.
High Rollers	A New Beginning	beginning.56	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this group as an action and reveal the top card of your deck while you have at least one influence to spend. If the cost of the revealed card is even, you may restore 1 influence. If the cost of the revealed card is uneven, you must apply 1 influence for no effect. Cards with no specified cost are considered to have an even cost (of zero).
High-Tech Weapons	Crusade	crusade.63	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet you control. If successful, search your deck for the first Fleet Enhancement you find and take it into your hand, and this card becomes a Fleet Enhancement on the target which gives the target +3 Military.
Higher Calling	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.172	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Count each 2 Destiny Marks your characters have as 1 power. Your ambassador gains +4 to each of his abilities while participating in any conflict which can result in your faction gaining a Destiny Mark. Shadow Marks and Vorlon Marks on all characters for all factions count double.
Hindsight	Wheel of Fire	wheel.53	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Ready all of your Inner Circle characters who rotated to sponsor or promote a card this turn. For the rest of this turn, your supporting characters can sponsor and promote cards as if they were Inner Circle characters.
Hire Raiders	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.173	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Rotate one of your characters with Intrigue.  For each influence you apply, up to a maximum of the character's Intrigue, do 1 point of damage to a target fleet.  Your character gains a Doom Mark.
Hoffman	The Telepath War	teepwar.23	10	Character	Human	0	4	11	2	0		F	Psi Corps. Psi Cop.Hoffman suffers an additional 1 damage while being attacked. Hoffman suffers an additional 2 damage instead when being attacked by a Narn character.
Hole In Your Mind	Psi Corps	psicorps.70	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target any character and designate their Diplomacy, Intrigue, or Leadership. Any character may use the designated ability to oppose this conflict. If you win by 5 or more, this conflict becomes an aftermath that reduces the target's designated ability to 1.
Hollow Victory	The Shadows	shadows.72	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a conflict initiated by an agenda.  Apply influence equal to the cost of the conflict.  No player may gain influence from that conflict this turn.
Holo Daemon	Giants in the Playground	gitp.14	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. You must rotate a Techno-mage character you control as an additional cost to play this card. Target an enhancement. This enhancement is blanked while the Techno-mage character remains rotated. This is a sustainable action.
Holo-Demons	Crusade	crusade.64	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage character you control and target a Crusade or Legacy conflict you initiated. Whenever a player rotates a character or fleet to oppose that conflict, the player must also apply 2 influence or the character/fleet applies no opposition at resolution.
Holo-Dragon	Crusade	crusade.65	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. You must rotate a Techno-mage character you control to play this card. For each Techno-mage character or fleet you control, you may rotate one character controlled by the target faction. You cannot rotate any of his Inner Circle characters unless all of his supporting characters have been rotated.
Homeguard Pamphlet	Balance of Power	balance.71	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Nightwatch. Target a character you control that is loyal to your race. The attached character gains the Nightwatch Boldface text and a Conspiracy mark.
Homeworld Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.174	7	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	8		F	Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Homeworld Fleet (Human)	Psi Corps	deluxe.175	6	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	7		F	Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Homeworld Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.176	8	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	11		F	Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Homeworld Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.177	6	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	7		F	Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Homunculus	Crusade	crusade.66	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage you control.  Reveal when the target rotates to support a conflict. The target may not be attacked this turn and provides +3 support at resolution. If the conflict succeeds, you may shuffle this card back into your deck.
Honored Position	Severed Dreams	dreams.61	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	This conflict cannot be initiated if any version of Jeffrey Sinclair is in play or if the Entil'zha character has ever entered play. If successful, take a copy of Jeffrey Sinclair from outside the game and place him in your supporting row. As a future action, you may replace him with Entil'zha for no cost, transferring all attached marks. If successful, your mutual tensions with the Humans drop by 1.
Hope is Lost	A New Beginning	beginning.69	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Target your ambassador. Reveal when another player purges a Destiny mark from a character. That character gains a Doom mark.
Hope... for Victory	Anla'shok	rangers.53	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Can't be played or revealed if Babylon 5 influence is greater than Shadow or Vorlon influence. Remove all copies of Alliance of Races from the game. Rotate this agenda as an action to ready a target Ranger character that is not participating in a conflict. When you win  a conflict you may rotate this agenda to have Babylon 5 gain +1 influence. If you control Ranger One, Babylon 5 has at least 20 influence, more influence than The Shadows and more influence than The Vorlons, then you score a standard victory this turn.
Hostage Situation	Giants in the Playground	gitp.59	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Diplomacy may be used in this conflict. Choose a character you control with a Weapon enhancement. Target a character you do not control. The targeted character cannot participate in this conflict. If you succeed, you may rotate the targeted character and this card becomes an aftermath that reads: “Attached character cannot ready while the chosen character remains rotated and has a Weapon enhancement. This is a sustainable effect. You may transfer 1 influence to the controller of the chosen character as an action to discard this aftermath and ready the attached character.”
Hostile Reaction	The Great War	greatwar.150	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your participant characters. Your character attacks another participant in the same conflict. (Apply damage normally.) Your character is still a participant, but is no longer supporting or opposing the conflict.
Hot-head	The Vorlons	vorlons.53	4	Character	Narn	1	1	0	1	0		C	Multiple. Agitator. If this character is in your discard pile and you win a conflict by 5 or more, you may take this character into your hand.
Hour of Scampering	Giants in the Playground	gitp.65	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Requires 2 Vorlon marks. If successful, the Vorlons gain +1 influence for each 10 strength by which the conflict succeeded. If you win by 40 or more, you gain +1 influence and your ambassador gains a Conspiracy mark.
Hour of the Wolf	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.178	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ready an Inner Circle character who has rotated.  The effect of his action is not canceled.  If the character participated in a conflict, they cannot participate in that same conflict.
Household Gods	The Vorlons	vorlons.54	5	Enhancement	Centauri Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Household God. Rotate this enhancement as an action and apply 3 influence to reveal cards from your deck until you reveal a Household God card. Take this card into your hand and shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck. You may discard a Houshold God card from your hand as an action to give a target Centauri character +2 to a non-zero ability of your choice until the end of the turn.
How Dare You?	Severed Dreams	dreams.62	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal when the target is attacked. The attacker's controller must discard 1 card from his hand for every Destiny Mark attached to the target (or his entire hand, whichever is less).
How to Succeed in Business	Crusade	crusade.67	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Discard a number of cards from your hand equal to the printed cost of a Corporate character in your hand to sponsor that character for free directly to your Inner Circle.
Human Agent	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.179	3	Character	Human	0	2	0	0	0		F	Multiple.
Human Aide	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.180	4	Character	Human	3	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple.
Human Captain	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.181	3	Character	Human	0	0	0	2	0		F	Multiple.
Human Fanatic	The Great War	greatwar.151	5	Character	Human	3	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple. This character cannot be sponsored if there are not at least 2 Human factions in the game. Human Fanatic may rotate to attack any Human character whose Diplomacy is greater than 0 using Diplomacy.
Humanitarian Aid	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.182	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a race that was the target of a won war conflict last turn. If successful, Babylon 5 gains +2 influence, and each faction of the target race gains +1 influence.
Humiliation	The Vorlons	vorlons.55	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant character who isn't its faction's ambassador. Discard all its attached cards, including face-down cards beneath it, and demote it. Discard this aftermath after playing it.
Hunted	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.183	0	Aftermath	Intrigue Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character.  Two influence must be applied each time the character is readied, or he remains rotated.
Hunter, Prey	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.184	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement which you can rotate to apply 2 Intrigue support or opposition to any Intrigue conflict.
Hunting the Blips	Psi Corps	psicorps.72	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate this agenda to initiate an additional Psi Conflict targeting a Neutral teep controlled by another player. Diplomacy may be used to oppose this conflict. If you succeed by 5 or more, discard the target, and you gain +1 power if the target began the turn with Psi 10 or higher.
Hurr Gambler	Balance of Power	balance.101	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	0	0	0		F	Hurr. When you sponsor Hurr Gambler, search your deck for “Card Shark” and attach it to this character for free as if it were a Centauri character.
Hyach Gunship Fleet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.127	8	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	6		F	Hyach. This fleet can be sponsored by a Hyach character at -2 influence cost. While this fleet is led by a character with a printed influence cost of 8 or higher, it gains +2 Military.
Hyach Rabble-Rouser	The Telepath War	teepwar.90	8	Character	Non-Aligned	1	2	6	0	0		F	Hyach. Nightwatch.As an action, rotate and target another player’s discard pile that contains a copy of “Anti-Psi Training”, “Dust”, or “Psychic Blunder”. Remove that copy of the card from the game. That player must apply 1 influence for no effect if possible.
Hyach Thief	Giants in the Playground	gitp.99	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	4	0	0	0		F	Hyach. As an action, rotate and target another player’s discard pile that contains a copy of “Airlock Mishap”, “Short Term Investment”, or “Trivial Gains”. Remove that copy of the card from the game. Hyach Thief gains a Credit Token.
Hyperspace Getaway	Crusade	crusade.68	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Crusade. Reveal when any fleet you control is attacked. The attack is canceled, although the attacking fleet remains rotated. You may ready the attacked fleet, in which case it is no longer participating in any conflicts. You may remove up to 3 points ofdamage from one fleet you control.
Hypoxic Struggle	Apocrypha	apocrypha.39	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction. Only the following cards can participate in this conflict: One character from you and one from your target. If this conflict is uncontested, the target loses 1 influence. If you win by 5 or more, gain +1influence. After resolving this conflict, all partipants suffer 5 points of damage unless their controller rotates a location.
I Take Offense	A New Beginning	beginning.80	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your agenda. Reveal when a conflict resolves that targeted your faction or you as a player. The next Conflict Round you may play an additional conflict that must target the initiator fo the conflict or any card in their faction. You must play this conflict face-up.
I'd Die First	Psi Corps	psicorps.73	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	May not be played by the Psi Corps faction. Draw a card, or target a Neutral teep who is in the same faction as a Psi Cop. The target becomes a supporting character for you.
I'll Gain Weight	Balance of Power	balance.37	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character loses 2 Diplomacy for the rest of the turn. They lose an additional 1 Diplomacy for each Doom Mark they have. This cannot reduce the target’s current Diplomacy below 1.
IPX	Anla'shok	rangers.54	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Explorer. Must be sponsored by a Corporate character. Your Explorer characters get +1 Intrigue. Rotate, apply 2 influence and discard a card from your hand to draw a card from your deck or Explorer Crusade Pile. Count +1 Power if you are a Corporate faction and you control more Explorer cards than all other players combined.
IPX Official	Crusade	crusade.69	7	Character	Neutral	3	2	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Corporate. During the draw round you may apply 2 influence to draw the top card from your Crusade pile. (You may only do this once per turn no matter how many copies of this character are in play.)
IPX Operative	Apocrypha	apocrypha.70	7	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	3	0		F	Corporate. Explorer. As an action you may remove any amount of Credit Tokens from any number of cards you control to heal an equal amount of severe damage tokens from him. You can only do this if this character is neutralized. As an action you remove 2 Credit Tokens from any number of cards you control to flip this character face-up if he is neutralized and has no severe damage tokens.
ISA President	Wheel of Fire	wheel.54	10	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Irrevocable. Limited. ISA. Target the ambassador of an ISA member. The target gains +4 Diplomacy, +2 Intrigue, +2 Leadership, and the text ISA President. The target's controller gets an additional vote in ISA Votes. The target may participate in any conflict that targets or was initiated by an ISA member, regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate. Discard this card if you are not an ISA member.
ISN HQ	Giants in the Playground	gitp.121	4	Site	Neutral	0	4	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Media. Based on “Earth”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked. Any player may rotate a fleet with a current Military of 4 or more as an action to rotate this site for no effect. Rotate this site to ready a Media character that is not participating in a conflict. This character may immediately take an action for which      they must rotate.
ISN Headline	Apocrypha	apocrypha.84	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Can only be played if your faction has gained at least 2 influence during the Resolution Round. Lose 1 influence or rotate three Media cards you control to play this aftermath. Target your faction. You may discard this aftermath as an action to add +10 support to any conflict you initiated.
Icarus	Apocrypha	apocrypha.74	6	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Limited. Renowned. Must be attached to a Corporate fleet. That fleet gains a Doom mark. When the attached fleet supports an Explorer or Enigma conflict, it applies double Military at resolution.The first time each turn the attached fleet gets attacked during an Explorer or Enigma conflict, it suffers an additional 2 damage.
Ikaran Weapon	The Vorlons	vorlons.56	0	Conflict	Leadership	1	1	1	1	0	Doom, 3x Strife	R	Limited. Enigma. May only be supported by Explorer and Corporate characters. When this conflict initiated, you gain +1 influence. If successful, this conflict becomes your Suppporting character with the printed abilities and Marks shown and the text: "Cannot become an inner circle character. At the end of  each Action Round, target a character with at least one Doom Mark and neutralize it."  If lost, you lose 2 influence.
Ill Fated Reverses	The Great War	greatwar.155	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another faction.  Apply the target's Doom Marks as support to this conflict.  If successful, the target loses 2 influence.
Illegal Raid	Crusade	crusade.70	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Crusade. You may support this conflict with one fleet, using Military. If you do not do so, this conflict fails. If successful, search your deck for Natchok Var or a character loyal to a race other than your own and take it into your hand, and gain +1 influence unless the ISA exists and you are not a member.
Immolan V	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.186	6	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	15		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Rotate this location while your ambassador is supporting a conflict to give him +3 Intrigue for the rest of the turn.
Immortality Serum	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.187	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique.  Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player has the most support gains +2 influence and all players' tensions toward that player increase by 1. Any player may use Military to support. If this is done, Babylon 5 loses 2 influence, and all players' tensions toward the player who first used Military increase by 1.
Impasse	The Shadows	shadows.73	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	If successful, there is no Action round next turn.  If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain +1 Influence.
Imperial Fleet	Balance of Power	balance.115	9	Fleet	Centauri	0	5	0	0	3		F	Imperial Fleet may only be sponsored by a Centauri Minister or Centauri Emperor. Cannot attack using its Intrigue. While Imperial Fleet is unneutralized,  Centauri Emperor characters gain +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue.
Imperial Garden	Giants in the Playground	gitp.125	5	Site	Centauri	0	3	0	0	0		F	Unique. Based on “Centauri Prime”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked. This location cannot have its Intrigue increased by any means. Rotate as an action and permanently decrease the printed Intrigue of this site by 1 to immediately play an event from your hand. This event becomes Irrevocable.
Imperial Telepaths	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.188	10	Group	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate to draw the top 2 cards from your deck.   Then, place 3 cards from your hand at the bottom of your deck.
Imperialism	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.189	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Your ambassador gains +2 Leadership. Gain +2 influence for each location you capture. Lose 2 influence if a location you control is captured. You may use captured locations as if they were your own.
Important Visitor	The Great War	greatwar.156	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Sponsor a limited character loyal to your race for free. This character cannot attack. Discard the character at the end of the turn. Any player may sponsor a copy of that character at 3 less cost next turn.
Improvised Weapon	The Great War	greatwar.157	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when the character attacks if he is not the target of a Weapon enhancement.  The character inflicts +2 additional damage on his target.
In Chaos, Uncertainty	The Shadows	shadows.74	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 2 Shadow Mark to play.  Ignore Won and Lost requirements for all Aftermaths during the resolution round this turn.
In Honor of Z'ondar	Apocrypha	apocrypha.61	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Limited. Can only be played during the resolution of a Babylon 4 conflict. Target a participant character. The character gains a Destiny mark. When participating in a Babylon 4 conflict or an Enigma conflict, the character may purge a Destiny mark as an action to apply double of the used abilitity during the resolution of that conflict.
In My Chambers	Balance of Power	balance.33	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Limited. Target a conflict. All Legal characters apply +1 support or opposition at resolution while participating in the targeted conflict. If the targeted conflict is a Legal conflict, they apply +2 instead.
In Our Image	The Vorlons	vorlons.57	0	Agenda	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	U	Can be sponsored without rotating any characters. Your Ambassador gains a Vorlon mark. Whenever you win a conflict, you may rotate this agenda to give a Vorlon Mark to a target Minbari character that is supporting that conflict. The first time each turn that a Minbari character without a Vorlon mark gains a Vorlon mark, the Vorlon Influence is increased by 1. If you have at least 15 Power, and the Vorlon Influence is higher than every player, including yourself, Babylon 5 Influence and the Shadows Influence, you immediately score a standard victory.
In the Line of Duty	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.190	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play when a limited supporting character was neutralized during an attack. Remove the character from play. (No copy of the character can reenter play.) (Discard this aftermath after play.)
In the Spotlight	The Shadows	shadows.75	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to play.  If your faction provided more support to a conflict than the initiator's faction, Reverse all effects applied to his faction from aftermath cards so far this round. Play the aftermath cards on your faction, if possible,n the same order they were played. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Incentives	Severed Dreams	dreams.63	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Contingencies may not be played on this card. You may discard this enhancement when an opposable conflict you initiated resolves and target another player who provided support for that conflict. The target gains +1 influence.
Incite Mutineers	The Vorlons	vorlons.58	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an opponent who controls more fleets than you. If successful, the target opponent must neutralize an unneutralized fleet in their faction. If successful by 5 or more, the target transfers one influence to you.
Inconclusive Strike	The Shadows	shadows.76	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character or fleet. The target inflicts and receives no damage during attacks this turn.
Independence	The Great War	greatwar.158	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a racial location, if the controller has 4 or 5 unrest,  the controller can no longer use the effect text on the location. The controller may initiate a Military conflict targeting this enhancement, which is automatically opposed by the location'sMilitary. If the conflict is successful, discard this enhancement.
Independent Seeress	Giants in the Playground	gitp.56	5	Character	Neutral	1	2	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Seeress. When an effect makes you reveal any number of cards from your deck, you may choose to reveal an additional two cards.
Independent Support	The Great War	greatwar.159	5	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your agenda.  Discard this enhancement if you have any Shadow or Vorlon Marks.  You may apply additional influence each turn equal to one fifth of your Influence Rating.
Induce Floods	Apocrypha	apocrypha.139	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 3 Vorlons marks. Target a Location enhancement. You must purge a Vorlon mark and apply any amount of influence. For each three influence you applied, add a Flood Token to the targeted enhancement. While the enhancement has any Flood tokens, blank the game text of the enhancement. At the end of each Resolution Round, you must discard one Flood Token if able.
Induce Mind Fugue	The Telepath War	teepwar.47	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Select a ready teep you control with a current Psi of 10 or more. Target a character participating in a conflict whose highest ability is equal or lower than the current psi of your selected teep. Ready the target. They are no longer participating in the conflict, and cannot participate in the same conflict until the end of the turn
Inertia Dampeners	Giants in the Playground	gitp.41	2	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Whenever an action from another faction causes you to discard a Fleet enhancement attached to the attached fleet, you may discard Inertia Dampeners instead.
Inevitable Destiny	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.191	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a conflict that was just resolved.  Go through your deck until you find the first aftermath playable on that conflict, then play it.  Shuffle your deck. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Infiltrate and Exploit	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.192	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Apply 5 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. Choose one of the following goals, which will occur if successful: Gain +1 influence. Your target loses 1 influence. Choose a target ability, your ambassador will gain a permanent bonus (which can accumulate) of +1 to that ability.
Inflexible Plans	The Great War	greatwar.160	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player with a Doom Mark. Look at the player's hand, and discard all but one copy of each event in his hand.
Influential Lords	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.193	10	Group	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		U	If a conflict can increase Centauri influence, rotate this group to apply +5 Diplomacy or +3 Intrigue in support of the conflict.
Informant	Psi Corps	psicorps.74	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player. If successful, the target loses 1 influence for each 2 Conspiracy and/or Doom Marks in his faction.
Information Overload	The Shadows	shadows.77	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	The player with the largest hand size at the beginning of each turn's Draw round must discard all cards he draws during that Draw round.
Installed Tracking Device	Giants in the Playground	gitp.98	0	Aftermath	Lost Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet controlled by the initiator of the conflict that participated in the conflict. The attached fleet may be attacked by any fleet of a faction with whom its controller has a mutual tension of 3 or more. Discard this aftermath if the attached fleet is neutralized.
Insufficient Support	Psi Corps	psicorps.75	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a conflict. At resolution, if the conflict is supported by 3 or fewer participants, the initiator gains no influence from the conflict.
Insurgency	The Vorlons	vorlons.59	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a location in another faction. When this conflict is initiated, rotate the target location. If successful, the target takes 1 point of damage for each point by which you won. If successful by 10 or more, the target's faction transfers 1 influence to you.
Insurrection	The Great War	greatwar.161	0	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		F	Any time a faction's unrest level should increase above 5, that faction loses 1 influence. Double this penalty if the unrest increase occurs during that faction's action.
Intelligence Gathering	The Great War	greatwar.162	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play on a character you control with 2 or greater Intrigue.  Reveal when the character is attacked.  You may apply up to 4 additional influence to each event you play for the rest of the turn.
Interesting Times	Giants in the Playground	gitp.104	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. Your deck can only contain 1 copy of any event card to be able to play this card.  Take any number of events cards from your deck  that have an influence cost of either 1 or 2, and place them, in random order, under this card as your Crusade Pile. After using this effect, you must have at least 20 cards in the Crusade Pile and at least 60 cards left in your deck. Rotate his enhancement and apply 2 influence as an action to draw the top card from your Crusade Pile.
Interference	The Great War	greatwar.163	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player's rotated character. Apply influence equal to the character's highest ability. Ready the target character. Cancel any ongoing effects of his last action. The character cannot repeat the cancelled action this turn.
Intern Matheson	The Telepath War	teepwar.83	7	Character	Human	1	1	5	1	0		F	Psi Corps. Cannot be sponsored if John Matheson has been in play at any time during the game. Discard Intern Matheson when John Matheson is sponsored. Intern Matheson applies +3 opposition to a conflict that has a Neutral teep supporting that conflict.As an action, you may rotate Intern Matheson to give a target Psi Cop character +2 to an ability of your choice while Intern Matheson remains rotated, or to ready a Psi Cop character.
Internal Disruptions	Psi Corps	psicorps.76	5	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	While any faction's unrest is 4 or higher, that faction may not participate further in any conflict in which that faction has 3 or more participants.
Internal Opposition	The Shadows	shadows.78	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player.  Discard one of his enhancements.  Any player may prevent this card from taking effect by applying 3 times the target player's race's unrest.
Internal Strife	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.194	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target player's unrest increases by 1.
Internecine Struggle	The Great War	greatwar.164	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Only members of your race can participate in this conflict. Each faction of your race can be supported. Each faction gains +1 influence for each other faction with a lower total, and loses 1 influence for each faction with a higher total. In addition, the faction(s) with the most neutralized participants loses 1 influence.
Interstellar Alliance	Wheel of Fire	wheel.151	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Irrevocable. If the ISA does not exist, target all non-Drakh factions. In any order you choose, ask each player whether or not he wishes to join: the ISA is formed, all players who agreed to join are members, you are the ISA Founder, and this card becomes an Irrevocable Global Aftermath with the follwoing text: As an action, a non-Drakh player may apply 5 influence to call an ISA vote which, if it passes, admits that player to the ISA. Each ISA member counts +1 to his influence rating for each race that belongs to the ISA other than his own. ISA members cannot initiate Military Conflicts that either: target another ISA member or a card controlled by an ISA member, and/or could lower Babylon 5's influence. Each player who is not an ISA member has the amount of power he needs to win increased by +2 for each ISA member. If the ISA ever has only 1 member, discard this card. The ISA no longer exists.
Interstellar Corporation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.195	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Any other willing player may apply influence for you on your turn with your permission.  That player may require you to apply the same amount of influence for him during any of his actions on a future turn.
Intervention Force	The Great War	greatwar.165	11	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	15		R	Any player may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War has begun and if The White Star has ever entered play.  This fleet has 1 damage resistance.  If a military conflict is in play that targets a location, this fleet must rotate to oppose one.  This fleet cannot support or attack in any conflict that would cause a faction to lose influence.
Into Their Own	The Shadows	shadows.79	0	Aftermath	Diplomacy Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an Ambassador's Assistant who participated in the conflict.  The character gains +2 Diplomacy.
Intolerable Interference	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.196	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play after a conflict you initiated.   Target one player who opposed your conflict, or attacked one of your characters, but who was not a target of the conflict.    Increase your tension toward that player by 2. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Intrigues Mature	The Great War	deluxe.197	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Intrigue to support or oppose a target Diplomacy conflict.
Invent the Future	The Great War	greatwar.167	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Hold a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, the Shadows and Vorlons each lose 1 influence per "yes" vote and Babylon 5 gains +1 influence. If the vote fails, apply 4 influence for no effect during the next Ready round.
Invisibility	Crusade	crusade.72	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. Target a Techno-mage. The target cannot be attacked, except while participating in a Psi Conflict.
Invulnerable	The Vorlons	vorlons.60	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Enigma. Target a Vorlon character. The target character cannot be attacked for the rest of this turn. If this event is in your discard pile and you win a conflict by 5 or more, you may return it to your hand at the end of the Resolution Round.
Ipsha Battleglobe	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.198	2	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	4		U	Any player may sponsor this fleet.  Apply 2 influence when you rotate Ipsha Battleglobe. The first player each turn to pay 2 influence to the Ipsha Battleglobe takes control of the fleet.  A player may apply this cost even if he already controls the fleet.
Irrelevant	Psi Corps	psicorps.77	9	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 4 Vorlon Marks to sponsor. Characters with no Shadow, Vorlon, or Destiny Marks whose highest ability is less than half of Vorlon Influence may not participate in conflicts you initiate unless their controller applies 3 influence when they rotate.
Is That the Whole Truth?	Psi Corps	psicorps.78	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player, and designate a third player as your partner in this conflict. If successful, the target loses 1 influence, and your partner must then choose either that you and he each gain +1 influence,  or that you lose 1 influence. No additional influence may be gained from this conflict by any means (e.g., Aftermaths, Locations, Contingencies, etc.).
Isabelle	Crusade	crusade.73	7	Character	Neutral	3	2	0	0	0		R	Techno-mage. Legacy. Discard Isabelle if you have any Shadow Marks. If you control at least 2 characters loyal to a race other than your own who have printed costs of 5 or higher, you may rotate Isabelle as an action to draw a card. As an action, you may discard Isabelle from play to search your deck or Crusade Pile and take Galen and/or Galen's Ship into your hand.
Isabelle's Quest	Crusade	crusade.74	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Target your faction immediately after winning the Well of Forever conflict, if you have Galen and Isabelle in your Inner Circle. As an action, rotate this aftermath and neutralize a non-Techno-mage character you control to give that character the text Techno-mage.
Isolated	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.199	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate your ambassador and select a target character. Call a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, B5 gains +1 influence and the target character loses Intrigue equal to half of Babylon 5's influence, rounded up, to minimum ability of 1.
Isolationism	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.200	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your faction. When players not of your race sponsor characters of your race, the cost for the character increases by an amount equal to your tension toward their race. Apply influence equal to your lowest tension during the draw round, or discardthis enhancement.
Issue Subpoena	Balance of Power	balance.12	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. As your first or second action, target a conflict. It gains the Legal boldface text until the end of the turn.
It Stops Here	Wheel of Fire	wheel.55	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Each player may only play this aftermath once per game. Can only be played during resolution of a conflict initiated by a Conflict Card.  Target the initiator's ambassador, and place the Conflict Card under this card as an Aftermath Enhancement (even ifthe conflict would normally return to to initiator's hand). The target's controller cannot initiate a copy of any conflict that is an Aftermath Enhancement on this card.
It Will Be His Undoing	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.201	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target player loses 1 influence for each Doom Mark he has.  Purge all his Doom Marks. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Ivory Towers	Wheel of Fire	wheel.56	3	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Draw a card when you sponsor this enhancement. Any player with an Unrest of 3 or higher cannot rotate locations he controls.
Ja'Doc	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.202	6	Character	Narn	2	0	0	4	0		F	While ready, you may negate any event being played.  Discard Ja'Doc when this effect is used.
Jack	Anla'shok	rangers.55	8	Character	Human	0	4	0	0	0	Strife, Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps. Requires 3 Conspiracy marks. Can participate in Leadership conflicts using Intrigue. Cannot attack Psi Corps characters or characters with Conspiracy marks.
Jack O'Hannlon	The Telepath War	teepwar.42	9	Character	Neutral	0	4	11	0	0	Strife	F	Cannot be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction. Cannot be attacked while opposing a Psi conflict.Jack O’Hannlon gains +1 Intrigue for each non-neutralized Religious card in your faction.
Jacob Redway	Crusade	crusade.75	8	Character	Human	5	3	0	0	0		U	Earth Alliance Senator. As an action, rotate Jacob Redway and another Senator you control to target a Human Character you control, search your deck for any other version of the target, and take it into your hand.
James Riley	Balance of Power	balance.13	5	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Legal.  You may rotate James Riley as an action to add +3 support to a target Legal conflict. This does not make him a participant in that conflict.
Japanese Stone Garden	Giants in the Playground	gitp.60	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your ambassador. Reveal when a character you control that is not participating in any conflict, takes damage from another player’s action. Ignore the damage caused to the character.
Jason Colby	Apocrypha	apocrypha.7	5	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0	Strife	F	Nightwatch. If sponsored by a Home Faction, Jason Colby becomes loyal to that race. Rotate Jason Colby as an action to reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Weapon Character enhancement card that could be attached to Jason Colby. Attach this card to Jason Colby for free, and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Jason Ironheart	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.203	10	Character	Neutral	0	0	10	0	0		R	Unique.  Jason Ironheart gains +2 Psi during each ready round.  If Jason Ironheart's Psi is 20 or higher during the resolution round, discard him.  Jason Ironheart cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Jason's Gift	Psi Corps	psicorps.80	0	Aftermath	Won Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	Purge a Destiny Mark and target a teep who participated using Psi. The target gains +3 Psi.
Jeffrey Sinclair (ranger)	Anla'shok	rangers.56	0	Character	Human	4	2	0	3	0	Vorlon	R	Human Starting Ambassador. Ranger. Rotate to sponsor a Minbari Ranger card at printed cost ignoring all other cost modifications. Rotate and purge a Vorlon mark from Jeffrey Sinclair to replace him with Entil'Zha unless a Minbari player rotates their ambassador.
Jenimer	Apocrypha	apocrypha.10	12	Character	Minbari	7	0	1	5	0	Vorlon	F	Grey Council Member. Religious Caste. Ranger. The cost to sponsor Jenimer is reduced by 1 for each Religious Caste Inner Circle character you control. Once per game, rotate Jenimer as an action to search you deck for another version of your Ambassador, and take it into your hand. 
Jenson, IPX Shuttle Pilot	Giants in the Playground	gitp.127	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	2	0		F	Corporate. Explorer. Cannot participate in a conflict with one or more Drakh participants. Each time a fleet you do not control is neutralized while participating a conflict in which you have at least one participant, add a Credit Token to this character.
Jerrica Thomas	The Telepath War	teepwar.130	5	Character	Narn	3	0	0	0	0		F	Human factions can sponsor Jerrica Thomas at normal cost. You must apply an additional 2 influence when promoting Jerrica Thomas. While she is in your Inner Circle, she gains the Member of the Kha’Ri boldface text and she gains +2 Diplomacy.
Jha'Dur	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.205	10	Character	Neutral	0	0	0	5	0		R	Unique.  Any fleet may rotate to attack a fleet led by Jha'Dur.
Jinxo	The Vorlons	vorlons.61	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Unique. Cannot attack. When this character is discarded from play, Babylon 5 loses 5 influence.
Joe	Giants in the Playground	gitp.137	4	Character	Neutral	3	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Untouchable. While the Series Finale is in effect, if unneutralized, this character counts as +2 Power.
John Matheson	Crusade	crusade.76	8	Character	Human	2	2	7	2	0		R	Crusade. Explorer. As an action, rotate to give a target Crusade character +2 to an ability of your choice while John Matheson remains rotated, or to remove up to 3 points of damage from the target. John Matheson applies double opposition at resolution while opposing a Psi Conflict that targets you.
John Sheridan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.206	10	Character	Human	4	2	0	4	0	Destiny	R	John Sheridan may replace Jeffrey Sinclair. Whenever John Sheridan gains a mark of a type he does not have, he gains an additional mark of that type. Rotate John Sheridan as an action and play a conflict card. You must apply 3 influence (in addition to any other requirements) for each prior action you have had this turn to initiate this additional conflict.
John Trakker, Psi Cop	The Telepath War	teepwar.50	5	Enhancement	Psi Corps Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Media. Each time the attached character attacks a teep and neutralizes it, put a Trakker Token on this enhancement. Count each 3 Trakker Tokens as +1 Power.
Join the Corps	Psi Corps	psicorps.82	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a Neutral or Human character with Psi greater than 0. The target is now a Human Psi Corps character.
Jonathan Harris	Psi Corps	psicorps.83	9	Character	Neutral	1	0	7	0	0		U	Unique. Whenever Jonathan Harris rotates to participate in a conflict, flip a coin. If the result is heads, Jonathan Harris gains +3 Psi and a Strife Mark for the rest of this turn.  If Jonathan Harris attacks and neutralizes a teep, that teep suffers 2extra severe damage.
Judgement	The Great War	greatwar.168	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play on a non-neutral character. Play when a supporting character loyal to the same race as the target character attacks this character. Discard the attacking character after the attack is resolved.
Judgment by Success	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.207	3	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one player.   Whenever that player wins a conflict, reduce his unrest by 1.   Whenever that player loses a conflict, increase his unrest by 1.
Julie Musante	The Great War	greatwar.169	5	Character	Human	3	0	0	0	0		U	Damage to Julie Musante does not reduce her abilities, unless the damage is enough to neutralize her.
Junior Officer	Apocrypha	apocrypha.75	4	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	2	0		F	Rotate Junior Officer as an action to add its Leadership to the Leadership of any of your Inner Circle characters. This action cannot be sustained. If that Inner Circle character becomes neutralized, Junior Officer also becomes neutralized.
Junk Food	Crusade	crusade.77	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character's race or species: Human: Gain +3 to highest ability (abilities, if tied) until end of turn. Pak'ma'ra: Take 2 points of damage. Non-Aligned except Pak'ma'ra, and all other races: Take 1 point of damage.
Just Cause	A New Beginning	beginning.63	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Target a character that has at least 3 non-Strife marks of the same type. Add an additional mark of that type to the targeted character.
Justin	The Great War	greatwar.170	6	Character	Shadow	5	8	0	0	0	3x Shadow	R	Requires 8 Shadow Marks to sponsor.  Lost Aftermaths cannot be played on conflicts you initiated.  Rotate Just and target any character you control.  Apply 5 influence per Shadow Mark on that character.  The target character gains a number of Shadow Marks equal to his current number of Shadow marks.
K'tok	Anla'shok	rangers.57	3	Enhancement	Narn Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Weapon. K'tok. Discard all other Weapon cards attached to this character. Can be sponsored for free if the target is a Narn Warrior character. Character gains a Strife mark. If the target is not participating in a conflict, rotate K'tok to ready it. When K'tok is readied, the target takes 1 damage.
Ka'Dath	The Telepath War	teepwar.119	10	Character	Narn	3	3	8	0	0		F	Enigma. Explorer. Untouchable.Ka’Dath takes no damage when attacked by non-Vorlon characters.
Kal Kra Dool	The Vorlons	vorlons.62	5	Character	Non-Aligned	0	3	0	0	0		U	Grome. Lurker. When you sponsor this character, you may return the top card of your discard pile to your hand.
Kalevala	The Telepath War	teepwar.71	5	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	7		F	This location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.Rotate as an action to add a Thunderstorm Token to this location (to a maximum of 3). When your fleet attacks another fleet, remove all Thunderstorm Tokens from this location to add an equal amount of damage to both fleets after they have resolved their attack.
Katun Prophecy	The Telepath War	teepwar.63	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. Cannot be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction.Your Religious teeps gain +2 Psi.Rotate this group (during the Conflict Round) to initiate an additional Psi conflict that targets a non-Religious teep. If successful, the target permanently gains the Religious boldface text.
Keep Vigil	Balance of Power	balance.91	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Religious. Limited. Rotate a character you control and target a character that is neutralized. This is a sustainable action. While your character remains rotated and the targeted character remains neutralized, the targeted character heals as if they were an Inner Circle character. If you do not control the targeted character, you may apply an additional influence while this action is sustained.
Kevin Sprach	Crusade	crusade.78	4	Character	Neutral	3	0	0	0	0		U	This character cannot be in your starting hand.  You must rotate all of your Inner Circle characters to sponsor Kevin Sprach, but do not have to apply influence to sponsor him. Kevin Sprach cannot enter play by any other means. All characters in your Inner Circle gain +1 Diplomacy.
Kevin Vacit	The Telepath War	teepwar.62	0	Character	Human	4	5	13	1	0		F	Psi Corps. Explorer. You must discard “Tom Nguyen” or your Ambassador’s Assistant character from play to replace Lee Crawford, transfering all attached enhancements. Kevin Vacit becomes your Ambassador.Kevin Vacit may support Explorer conflicts using his Psi. Kevin Vacit may not support Psi conflicts unless they have a participant with at least one Vorlon mark or he has a Vorlon mark himself.At the end of a turn in which Kevin Vacit gained at least one Vorlon mark, he gains another Vorlon mark.
Kha'Ri Citadel	Severed Dreams	dreams.67	10	Enhancement	Narn Location	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. All Kha'Ri characters gain +1 Diplomacy, +1 Intrigue, and +1 Leadership. Members of the Kha'Ri gain +1 damage resistance for every 2 Members of the Kha'Ri in play.
Kha'Ri Messenger	A New Beginning	beginning.42	6	Character	Narn	3	0	0	2	0		F	Kha’Ri Messenger gains +1 Diplomacy for each Member of the Kha’Ri character in your Inner Circle.
Kidnapping	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.210	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Target one character.   If you win the conflict, that character suffers damage equal to the amount by which you won the conflict.   If you fail, your ambassador gains a Doom Mark.
Kill Them All	Wheel of Fire	wheel.57	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet that is participating in a War Conflict you initiated or in a conflict targeting you, and choose one of your fleets that is not being led by your ambassador. Apply damage to the target equal to twice the current Military of your chosen fleet, then discard your chosen fleet and all of its leaders.
Kill a Bug	Giants in the Playground	gitp.146	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a  Weapon enhancement attached to a character you control and target a ready character whose highest current ability is equal or lower than the printed influence cost of the rotated Weapon. Rotate the target for no effect.
King Arthur	Wheel of Fire	wheel.58	9	Character	Neutral	2	3	0	1	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Rotate during the Conflict Round to initiate an additional Intrigue conflict. This character automatically supports the conflict using his Intrigue (this makes him a participant). If the conflict succeeds, draw a card.
Kirishiac Overlord	Giants in the Playground	gitp.6	11	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	9	Strife	F	Enigma. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 8 or more Destiny Marks. This fleet cannot be led. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a Shadow-tainted participant or a Vorlon-tainted participant. This fleet has 4 points of damage resistance. At the start of the Resolution Round, remove a damage token from this fleet.
Kiron Maray	The Vorlons	vorlons.63	5	Character	Centauri	1	1	0	0	0		U	Immediately after this character is sponsored, target and rotate a ready Supporting Row character.
Kirrin	Wheel of Fire	wheel.59	4	Character	Non-Aligned	1	2	0	0	0		U	Hyach. Kirrin acts as a Non-Aligned Ambassador's Assistant for Hyach Ambassadors only. During the Resolution Round, add +1 automatic opposition to any conflict that targets you.  (This does not, by itself, cause that conflict to become contested.)
Klaus	Balance of Power	balance.99	5	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	1	0		F	Corporate. Explorer. While Klaus is in your Inner Circle, reduce the Influence cost of your Explorer events by 1.
Knight One	Balance of Power	balance.63	7	Character	Human	0	3	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. While Knight One is in your Inner Circle, the cost to sponsor Psi Corps enhancements is reduced by 2.
Knight Two	Balance of Power	balance.64	10	Character		2	3	9	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark to sponsor. While Knight Two is in your Inner Circle, all Psi conflicts you initiate have the Bureau 13 Boldface text.
Know Your Enemy	The Great War	greatwar.172	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a Military conflict. All of your fleets participating in the conflict gain +2 Military while fleets of fewer than three races are participating in the conflict.
Knowledge is Power	The Great War	deluxe.211	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Your ambassador gains +2 Intrigue. Apply 7 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict. If you win by 5 or more, your target must either discard an Inner Circle character, or you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence.
Knowledge of Shadows	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.212	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play. Go through your deck and select 1 event card of your choice which directly modifies Military or Leadership. Show it to your opponent, then put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck.
Knowledge of the Soul	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.213	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a Soul Hunter you control.   Target a character in another player's discard pile who is not currently in play.   The character becomes your supporting character for the rest of the turn, and is then discarded (to the same discard pile).
Knowledge, Then Action	The Shadows	shadows.80	11	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character with Psi.  The character's controller may, as an action, discard this enhancement and rotate the character to take two actions immediately.
Known as a Nexus	Balance of Power	balance.104	0	Enhancement	Starting Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Play this card at the same time as your starting ambassador. It is not considered to be a card in your starting hand. You must have at least 60 cards in your deck. You cannot create a Crusade Pile at any point during the game. Your ambassador gains +2 Diplomacy. Rotate this card as an action and purge a Destiny mark from your ambassador to reveal cards from your deck until you reveal an event or enhancement. Take that card into you hand and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck. Rotate this card as an action and purge two Doom marks from your ambassador to reveal cards from your deck until you reveal a group or contingency. Take that card into you hand and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Kosh	The Vorlons	vorlons.64	7	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0	Vorlon	U	Enigma. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. May replace any other version of Kosh. Kosh takes no damage when attacked by non-Shadows characters. If Kosh is discarded from play, the Vorlons lose 2 influence. If Vorlon Influence is at least 10, Kosh may oppose Diplomacy conflicts using Psi and you may cast the Vorlon vote during Babylon 5 votes.
Kosh Naranek	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.215	1	Character	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	R	Once played, Kosh Naranek is treated as a Group instead of a Character. Any player may, as an action, apply any amount of influence. For each 3 influence so applied, his ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark. At the end of the turn, his ambassador must purge one Vorlon Mark for each mark gained.
Kosh's Ship	The Vorlons	vorlons.65	5	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	5	0	2		R	Enigma. Untouchable. Requires 2 Vorlon marks. Can be sponsored at normal cost by a Vorlon character. Can only be led by a Vorlon character. Cannot attack. Can oppose conflicts of any type using Psi if you control at least two Vorlon characters.
Kozorr	Apocrypha	apocrypha.15	7	Character	Minbari	1	4	0	2	0		F	Warrior Caste. Legal. Rotate Kozorr as an action to search your deck for any event card with "Evidence" in the title.
Kulan	Crusade	crusade.79	0	Character	Neutral	3	3	0	3	0		U	Crusade. If you have at least 10 influence, you may play Kulan directly from your hand immediately after winning a Crusade conflict (as if he was an aftermath). As an action, rotate to take a fleet with a printed Military of 4 or less from another player's discard pile and place it in your faction with Kulan leading it. Discard the fleet immediately if Kulan is no longer leading it.
Kullenbrak	Wheel of Fire	wheel.60	7	Character	Non-Aligned	3	3	0	0	0		R	Brakiri Ambassador.  Corporate. Apply 5 influence and target another player who gained influence from an event this turn. The target loses 1 influence and you gain +1 influence. You may only target each player with this effect once per turn.
Labor Strike	The Great War	greatwar.174	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	The target player must apply influence equal to twice his unrest (or all the influence he currently has available to apply) for no effect.
Lack of Direction	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.216	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a supporting character who was damaged during the conflict.  The character cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Lack of Leadership	The Vorlons	vorlons.66	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate a Non-Aligned character to target a player who controls more ready fleets than ready characters. Target must rotate fleets until they have no more ready fleets than ready characters and cannot sponsor any fleets until the end of the Action Round.
Lack of Subtlety	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.217	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target ready character with Intrigue greater than 1 has his Intrigue lowered to 1. (Bonuses applied later this turn raise the ability from the new base of 1.) This effect expires at the end of the turn.
Lady Miro	Giants in the Playground	gitp.74	7	Character		2	2	5	0	0		F	Seeress. Imperial Telepath. Any Centauri Emperor may sponsor Lady Miro at -2 cost. While Lady Miro is in your Inner Circle, Seeress characters in your Inner Circle do not count towards promoting characters.
Lady Na'Toth	Wheel of Fire	wheel.61	6	Character	Narn	3	3	0	3	0		R	Narn Ambassador's Assistant. Must replace Na'Toth, transferring all attached cards and marks. Treat as a Lady. Lady Na'Toth has damage resistance equal to the highest tension toward the Narn race among the races being played.
Lake Baikal	The Telepath War	teepwar.59	6	Site	Human	0	1	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Based on “Earth”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.Rotate this site and apply any amount of influence. For each 3 influence so applied, your ambassador gains a Conspiracy Mark. At the end of the turn, your ambassador must purge one Conspiracy Mark for each mark gained.
Lame Duck Senator	Balance of Power	balance.100	6	Character	Human	4	3	0	0	0		F	Senator. Cannot support a Diplomacy conflict unless another Human Senator or Human President has also supported that conflict.
Lamentations	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.220	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target ambassador cannot participate in any conflict.   Discard this aftermath at the beginning of the next aftermath round.
Lamenting Villagers	Balance of Power	balance.126	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. Once per turn, as an action, apply any amount of influence. For each 3 influence so applied, your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. At the end of the turn, your ambassador must purge one Doom Mark for each mark gained.
Laser-Mirror-Starweb	Apocrypha	apocrypha.45	0	Conflict	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	This conflict cannot be opposed. Participants in this conflict cannot be attacked. Every ability can be used in this conflict. No aftermaths can be played during the resolution of this conflict. Each time a player supports this conflict with a character, that character must use an ability that is 1 point higher than the ability of the previous participant in the conflict. The first participant in this conflict must use an ability of 1. Whichever player has the participant character with the highest ability used for this conflict gains +2 Influence.
Lashing Out	The Shadows	shadows.81	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate one of your characters to cause that character to attack any other character, even if the other character is not participating in a conflict.  Your character attacks using whichever of the target's abilities is highest. Any other character may attack your character in return.
Last Ditch Effort	Psi Corps	psicorps.88	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal at resolution if you are losing. Designate one of your unneutralized non-ambassador participant Inner Circle characters (you must have one). Add five support to the conflict (or a side of your choice). At the end of the Resolution Round, discard the designated character.
Last Man Standing	Anla'shok	rangers.58	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Leadership may be used in this conflict. All characters not participating in this conflict take 1 damage during resolution. If successful, all characters participating in this conflict take 1 damage. If you succeed by 5 or more, all unneutralized characters in play take 1 damage and you gain 1 influence.
Last Will and Testament	Balance of Power	balance.14	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a character. Reveal when this character becomes neutralized. Transfer all attached cards to any number of other characters you control that could attach them. In addition, you may transfer up to one Destiny mark from this character to any character you control.
Late Night Talk Show	The Telepath War	teepwar.52	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Media. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark. If your ambassador does not participate in this conflict, it fails automatically. If successful, you may apply up to 2 additional influence next turn. If you win by 10 or more, also reduce your Unrest by 2 and your ambassador gains a Conspiracy mark.
Latent Telepath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.221	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	A Non-Narn character with a Psi of 0 gains Psi 3. Cannot be played on an ambassador.
Launch Bays	Apocrypha	apocrypha.137	3	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		F	At the end of each turn in which at least one Squadron controlled by a non-Shadow-tainted faction was discarded from play, the Babylon 5 Influence is increased by 1.
Lazarenn	Wheel of Fire	wheel.62	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	2	0	0	0		U	Markab. Rotate to remove all normal damage from a character, or one severe damage from a character, or up to two severe damage from a Non-Aligned Character. Any player may apply 5 influence as an action to immediately use Lazarenn's effect text as if hecontrolled Lazarenn.
Leader of the Pack	Balance of Power	balance.149	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character controlled by the faction that initiated the conflict. Choose a group controlled by the same faction. When the attached character becomes neutralized, discard this aftermath and discard the chosen group.
Leading the Races	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.222	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		C	For each Destiny Mark your ambassador has, the cost for you to sponsor any character is reduced by 1. Count each racial type (including Neutral characters and Non-Aligned) represented by a character in your Inner Circle as 1 power.
League Spokesbeing	Wheel of Fire	wheel.63	0	Enhancement	Non-Aligned Characte	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. If you are a Non-Aligned faction, rotate your ambassador to sponsor this card for free. Target another Species Ambassador in your Inner Circle. The target gains +2 Diplomacy, +2 Intrigue, and becomes your new faction ambassador. Your previous faction ambassador remains in your Inner Circle (but transfer all attached cards that must target an ambassador). Once per turn, at the end of the ready round, you may transfer this Enhancement to another Species Ambassador in your Inner Circle.
Learn Their Weakness	The Shadows	shadows.82	0	Conflict	Military and Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	Initiates one conflict using both Psi and Military. If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement. Your characters with Psi may rotate to aid any fleet. That fleet gains damage resistance when in combat with Shadow Fleets equal to half the character's Psi. If a fleet your character is aiding is neutralized, that character is also neutralized.
Learn from History	Giants in the Playground	gitp.118	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character you control. Choose an aftermath in play. This card becomes a copy of that aftermath (including the chosen aftermath’s card title) attached to the character. The Won/Lost and Participant requirements of the chosen aftermath may be ignored, but all other requirements (such as needed marks) still need to be adhered to.
Learning Experience	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.223	0	Aftermath	Intrigue Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Participant character gains +1 Intrigue.
Leaving the Past	The Shadows	shadows.83	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	If successful, remove from the game all cards currently in all discard piles. Any copies of these cards not in discard piles are unaffected.
Led Astray No More	The Great War	greatwar.175	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target the agenda that was the source of the conflict.  No conflict can be initiated from that agenda next turn.  This effect lasts for an additional turn for each 5 by which the conflict failed.  Discard this aftermath when its effect expires.
Lee Crawford	The Telepath War	teepwar.35	0	Character	Human	4	3	0	2	0	Destiny	F	Psi Corps Starting Ambassador. Senator. If there is no Human faction with the Babylon 5 vote at the start of the game, your faction gains the Human Babylon 5 vote.Up to 1 Psi Corps character that is not a teep can act as Ambassador’s Assistant to Lee Crawford each turn.
Leech	The Vorlons	vorlons.67	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Shadow marks to initiate. Target an opponent that is not Vorlon-tainted. Psi can be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, this cards becomes a Faction Enhancement on the target with the text: "Discard this enhancement as an action if you are Vorlon-tainted or have less Power than each other player. At the end of each Action Round transfer 1 influence to each Drakh faction with less power than you."
Left Vulnerable	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.224	0	Aftermath	Lost Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Each turn, all players may apply influence to lower 1 of the target ambassador's abilities.  For every 3 influence a player applies, 1 ability of his choice is reduced by 1 until the end of the turn (minimum 0).
Legacy of Power	Wheel of Fire	wheel.64	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target your faction.  Rotate as an action to either: search your deck and take the first Aftermath you find into your hand (shuffle your deck afterwards), or apply support to a target conflict equal to the number of Won Aftermaths on cards you control. For each character you control who has a Won Aftermath attached to him, you may apply 1 additional influence each turn. Each time you play an aftermath, you may restore 1 point of applied influence.
Legal Paperwork	Balance of Power	balance.21	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target the ambassador of the initiator of the conflict. This conflict cannot be a Universal conflict and cannot be initiated by your faction. You must have provided more support than the initiator. While this aftermath is in play, the targeted faction cannot oppose any conflict you initiate. Discard this aftermath after the next conflict you win starting from next round. The initiator can discard this aftermath as an action by transferring 1 influence to your faction.
Lemm Uh'Ekim	Crusade	crusade.80	8	Character	Non-Aligned	1	3	4	0	0		C	Sh'lassan Ambassador. Unique. Cannot be blanked. This character may only ready or be readied during the ready round. As an action, rotate Lemm Uh'Ekim to gain +1 power, but you lose 2 power at the end of the turn.
Lennier (religious)	The Vorlons	vorlons.68	4	Character	Minbari	3	1	0	0	0		C	Minbari Ambassador's Assistant. Religious Caste. Once per turn, if Lennier is unneutralized, you may apply 4 influence as an action to ready a rotated Religious Caste Minbari character.
Lennier, Redemption-Bound	The Telepath War	teepwar.95	10	Character	Minbari	2	5	0	3	0	Doom	F	Religious Caste. Must replace “Ranger Lennier”. Transfer all attached cards and marks.While Lennier, Redemption-Bound is participating in a conflict, you may purge a Conspiracy mark from any of your cards as an ation to allow characters to attack sites participating in that conflict until the end of the turn.
Leonard Anderson	Crusade	crusade.81	8	Character	Human	2	2	0	3	0		U	Crusade. Any player who controls a Babylon 5 fleet may sponsor Leonard Anderson at normal cost. As an action, rotate Leonard Anderson and discard a fleet from your hand to search your deck for a Babylon 5 fleet and take it into your hand.
Let Them Fight	The Great War	greatwar.177	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target two or more factions with mutual tensions of 4 or more.  Any target may be supported.  Military may be used in this conflict.  Your faction cannot participate.  Whichever faction generates the single most support gains +1 influence.  The others lose 1 influence.  If any characters or fleets are neutralized in the conflict, you gain +1 influence.
Let the Galaxy Burn	Wheel of Fire	wheel.65	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		C	Cannot be blanked or discarded. You may sponsor racial locations into any faction of that race at printed cost. Rotate this card as an action to declare war on a race with whom you have a tension of 5. When you conquer a location, you may remove it from the game instead. Each time a location controlled by another player is discarded or removed from play, except by replacement, place a Burn Token on this card. If this card has 5 Burn Tokens, you score a Major Victory this turn.
Level the Playing Field	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.226	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character or fleet may apply its highest ability to support or oppose one conflict of your choice (no matter which ability would normally be appropriate).
Li	The Vorlons	vorlons.69	0	Event	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		U	Household God. Rotate a Centauri character to target and rotate a ready character with at least 3 marks of any type or to return a target Supporting Row character that was sponsored this turn to its owner's hand.
Liandra	Giants in the Playground	gitp.22	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Ranger. Renowned. Limited. Can only be attached to a Minbari fleet or a Ranger fleet. While the attached fleet is being led by a Ranger character, and it is being attacked, it gains an amount of damage resistance equal to the amount of the Strife marks on the fleet attacking it.
Liberating Resources	The Shadows	shadows.84	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player who gained permanent influence this turn from an event or agenda.  Apply 5 times the amount of influence gained.  You gain that same amount of influence.  Your target loses the gained influence.
Lieutenant Carr	Crusade	crusade.82	8	Character	Neutral	1	3	0	0	0		U	As an action, rotate Lieutenant Carr: your characters ignore Strife Mark damage this turn (your Strife Marks do not cause additional damage and your characters do not take additional damage due to Strife Marks). If you control Mars Colony you may rotate it to promote your Lieutenant Carr for free.
Lieutenant Corwin	Wheel of Fire	wheel.66	7	Character	Human	3	1	0	2	0		R	May replace Lt. David Corwin, transferring all attached cards and marks.  Rotate Lieutenant Corwin and target one of your Inner Circle characters to either give that character +1 Diplomacy, Intrigue, and Leadership while Lieutenant Corwin remains rotated, or to allow the character, later this turn, to apply 1 influence less than usual when sponsoring a card.
Lieutenant Tewart	Crusade	crusade.83	5	Character	Neutral	0	0	0	2	0		C	Explorer. Lieutenant Tewart becomes loyal to your race immediately after you sponsor him.  While leading a fleet, that fleet may participate in Diplomacy Conflicts using Military.
Life Pods	The Great War	greatwar.180	2	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any character leading the target fleet is not neutralized if the fleet is neutralized.
Light Shines	The Great War	greatwar.181	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Purge a Vorlon mark. Target any character. That character must purge a Shadow Mark. The Vorlons gain +1 influence.
Like Unto The Gods	Psi Corps	psicorps.92	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	If every player has a Major Agenda in play, and the Shadow War has not yet begun, the Shadow War begins immediately.
Limited Strike	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.227	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a player with whom you have a tension of 3 or higher.  No other player may participate in the conflict.  Tensions between the two races increase by 1.  Babylon 5 loses 1 influence.   If uncontested, your target loses 2 influence.   Gain +1 influence if you win the conflict by 10 or more.
Lindstrom	Psi Corps	psicorps.93	5	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		C	Rotate and discard Lindstrom to search your deck and take into your hand the first event you find that gives a bonus to Psi.  Reshuffle your deck afterwards.
Liquidating Assets	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.228	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	If all other players agree, you gain +5 influence to apply during the current turn only.  If you gain this influence, all other players permanently gain +1 influence during the resolution round.
Lise Hampton	Psi Corps	psicorps.94	4	Character	Human	1	1	0	0	0		C	Lise Hampton may not attack. Cards that require Conspiracy Marks require 1 additional Conspiracy Mark to play when they target you or a card in your faction.
Lise Hampton Edgars Garibaldi	Crusade	crusade.84	9	Character	Human	6	4	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Must replace Lise Hampton Edgars, transferring all attached cards and marks. All Mercenary cards in your faction lose their boldface "Mercenary" text. Other players may not target you with cards that require Conspiracy Marks.
Living Legends	Psi Corps	psicorps.95	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	All characters in play with one Destiny Mark gain +3 to all their abilities for the rest of the turn. All characters with more than one Destiny Mark gain an additional +2 (+5 total) to all their abilities for the rest of the turn.
Llort Bodyguard	Wheel of Fire	wheel.67	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	1	1	0		C	Llort. Multiple. You may sponsor cards as if two Non-Aligned factions were in the game.
Llort Bouncer	The Telepath War	teepwar.142	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0	Strife	F	Llort. Multiple.When Llort Bouncer opposes a conflict that targets a site, they gain +3 Intrigue and +2 damage resistance until the end of the resolution round.
Llort Rabble-Rouser	Balance of Power	balance.60	5	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	1	0		F	Llort. Nightwatch. All Llort characters you control gain the Nightwatch Boldface text.
Local Supremacy	The Great War	greatwar.183	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Lose 1 influence to increase your tension towards another faction of the your race by 1, or to increase the unrest of any faction of your race by 1. For each player of your race who unconditionally surrenders to you, gain +5 power.
Locate Dark Space	Giants in the Playground	gitp.80	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 2 Shadow marks. Psi can be used to oppose this conflict. This conflict has automatic opposition equal to the Vorlon Influence. If successful, the Shadows gain +1 influence for each 15 strength by which the conflict succeeded. If you win the conflict by 30 or more, you may search your deck for a location, reveal it and take it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Lockdown	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.229	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All Intrigue conflicts have +5 Intrigue added to their opposition total.  You must apply 5 influence per Intrigue conflict in play.
Londo Mollari (Shadows)	The Vorlons	vorlons.70	0	Character	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0	Doom, Shadow	R	Centauri Starting Ambassador. The Shadows require 5 less influence than normal to start the Shadow War.
Londo's Wives	Severed Dreams	dreams.74	10	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	A Wife of Londo may sponsor this group at -7 cost. For each Wife of Londo in play, any version of Londo Mollari in play loses 1 from each ability, and each Wife of Londo in play gains +1 to each non-zero ability.
Londo, Resigned to his Fate	Apocrypha	apocrypha.78	0	Character	Centauri	6	4	0	0	0		F	Must replace Londo Mollari. May be replaced by Lord Mollari. These replacements transfer all Marks and attachments. All future replacements of Londo retain the game text below. During the resolution of any conflict that your faction initiated and lost, this character gains a Doom mark. At the resolution of any conflict in which this character is a participant, you may purge any number of Doom marks from him to gain +2 for each mark purged to any ability he used during that conflict. This bonus lasts until the end of the Resolution Round.
Long Term Investment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.231	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Lose 1 influence.  Gain +1 power.
Look to the Future	The Vorlons	vorlons.71	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target Human character gets +3 to an ability of your choice and an additional +4 for each Destiny mark it has, until the end of the turn.
Looking Ahead	The Shadows	shadows.85	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement for you.  This enhancement allows you to, once per turn, look at the top card of your deck, then replace it either at the top or bottom of your deck.
Lord Jano	Giants in the Playground	gitp.44	7	Character	Centauri	6	0	0	0	0		F	When Lord Jano is in play, increase the cost to promote Drakh characters by 1 influence for all factions. If at any time you control a Drakh character, discard Lord Jano from play.
Lord Kiro	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.232	10	Character	Centauri	5	3	0	4	0	Doom	U	Rotate and discard Lord Kiro to go through your deck, find The Eye, and play it on your ambassador for no cost, then shuffle your deck.
Lord Mollari	The Shadows	shadows.86	0	Character	Centauri	5	5	0	0	0	Doom, Strife	R	Replaces Londo Mollari if he has 3 or more Shadow Marks. Transfer all Marks, Aftermaths and Enhancements from Londo Mollari.  Lord Mollari gains Leadership equal to his Shadow Marks.
Lord Refa	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.233	8	Character	Centauri	3	6	0	0	0		U	Centauri unrest grows by 1 when Lord Refa is sponsored.
Lord Trego	Giants in the Playground	gitp.102	7	Character	Centauri	3	0	1	0	0		F	Lord Trego gains +1 Diplomacy for each Seeress character you control. Lord Trego may use his Diplomacy in any Intrigue conflict targeting a Seeress character.
Lord Valo	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.234	9	Character	Centauri	3	2	0	3	0		C	Rotate Lord Valo and any other character you control to remove one mark from that character.
Lorien	The Great War	greatwar.185	12	Character	Neutral	15	0	0	0	0		R	May only be sponsored if permitted by another card.  Lose 1 influence for each Vorlon or Shadow Mark you purge.  During each Ready Round, purge all of your Shadow and Vorlon Marks.  Lorien may only participate in conflicts which already have a participant with Shadow Marks or a participant with Vorlon Marks.  Lorien cannot be enhanced.
Lorien's Ship	Giants in the Playground	gitp.9	4	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	3		F	Enigma. Untouchable. Can only be sponsored by Lorien. Cannot be attacked. Cannot be led. While you control Lorien and he is unneutralized, you may sponsor First One cards ignoring their marks requirements.
Lorkan Emissary	Giants in the Playground	gitp.120	5	Character	Neutral	1	2	0	0	0		F	Lorkan. Religious. Cannot be promoted. Lorkan Emissary gains +1 Diplomacy for each species in your faction. Rotate Lorkan Emissary and target a Crusade Pile. Until the end of the turn, the influence cost to draw cards from that Crusade Pile is increased by 2.
Lorkans	Crusade	crusade.85	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0	Strife	C	Multiple. Crusade. Rotate Lorkans as an action and target a character you control: For the rest of this turn, the target inflicts +2 damage during attacks.
Lose Control	The Vorlons	vorlons.72	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	The only action that Techno-mage characters and characters with Strife marks can take for the rest of the Action round is to attack.
Loss of Face	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.235	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	If the final strength supporting the conflict was 0, the initiator of the conflict loses 1 influence. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Loss of Support	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.236	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player who has an unrest of 3 or more. If successful, the target must discard one group of your choice.
Lost Opportunities	The Great War	greatwar.186	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play on your ambassador.  Reveal when a faction with a Doom Mark attempts to retrieve a card from their discard pile.  The card being retrieved is removed from the game.
Lost in Hyperspace	Balance of Power	balance.40	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant fleet controlled by the initiator of the conflict. Rotate target fleet. The target fleet cannot ready. The targeted fleet’s controller may rotate any number of fleets with a combined Military equal or higher than the printed Military of the targeted fleet as an action to discard this aftermath and ready the targeted fleet.
Lost in Shadows	The Shadows	shadows.87	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Target a player. The target player must discard a fleet from his hand.  If he cannot discard a fleet, he must show you his hand.
Lost in the Cornfields	Apocrypha	apocrypha.103	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character that was supporting the conflict. While this aftermath is attached, they apply a maximum of 3 support or opposition when participating in conflicts. The controller of the attached character may as an action rotate and neutralize the character to discard this aftermath.
Lou Welch	The Great War	greatwar.187	5	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		U	Rotate and discard Lou Welch to negate a Diplomacy or Intrigue conflict which could lower Babylon 5's influence. (The conflict does not resolve.)
Lovell	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.237	5	Character	Minbari	0	2	0	0	0	Strife	C	Rotate Lovell to attack a Human character using Lovell's Intrigue.  Lovell is discarded when he makes this attack. (errata)
Lovell	Balance of Power	balance.7	5	Character	Minbari	0	3	0	1	0		F	Warrior Caste. When Lovell becomes neutralized, you may instead attach him to any character that attacked or was attacked by Lovell this turn. He becomes a Legal Lost Aftermath without game text.
Low Level Conflict	The Great War	greatwar.188	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a conflict. All participants in the target conflict gain 2 damage resistance.
Low Morale	The Shadows	shadows.88	2	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	While the target's unrest is 3 or greater, the cost for him to sponsor any fleet increases by +1.
Loyal Guardsmen	The Shadows	shadows.89	6	Group	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		U	This group adds +3 opposition to any Intrigue conflict which targets your faction or any cards in your faction.
Lt. David Corwin	The Great War	greatwar.189	4	Character	Human	2	0	0	1	0		C	Babylon 5 gains +1 influence when Lt. David Corwin is sponsored.
Lucifer Station	The Telepath War	teepwar.44	7	Site	Human	0	5	0	0	0		F	Based on “Venus”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.Rotate this site and target one of your characters. That character may use their Diplomacy to oppose Psi conflicts while this location remains rotated.
Lukor	The Vorlons	vorlons.73	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	0	0	0	Strife	U	Drazi. Mu'tai. Characters attacking Lukor cannot apply their damage first.
Luna	Apocrypha	apocrypha.101	7	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	5		F	Moon. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location or any Human Homeworld location. Place 4 Construction tokens on this card when it enters play. You may rotate your Homeworld as an action to place a Construction Token on Luna. Rotate Luna and discard 2 Construction Tokens from it to reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Fleet enhancement. Put that card into your hand and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Lurkers	The Great War	greatwar.191	5	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate Lurkers to inflict 1 damage on any participant in an Intrigue conflict.
Lust	A New Beginning	beginning.30	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate one of your characters to rotate a target character with lower Intrigue unless its controller applies 3 influence.
Luxuries of Homeworld	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.239	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a supporting character. The target may act as an Inner Circle character until he is neutralized. Then, the character is not discarded and heals as an Inner Circle character, but once unneutralized, this enhancement must be discarded.
Lyndisty	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.240	5	Character	Centauri	0	2	0	0	0		C	Rotate Lyndisty to increase the damage on any Narn character who has been damaged but not neutralized this turn by 3.
Lyta	The Vorlons	vorlons.74	5	Character	Vorlon	2	2	6	0	0	Vorlon	R	Requires 2 Vorlon Marks. May replace Lyta Alexander. May be replaced by Lyta Empowered. When replacing, transfer all attached cards and marks. Allergic to the Psi Corps faction. Lyta gains +1 Psi for each Vorlon mark in your faction.
Lyta Alexander	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.241	8	Character	Neutral	0	1	5	0	0		F	The cost to play Lyta Alexander is reduced by the number of Vorlon marks in your faction.
Lyta Empowered	The Great War	greatwar.192	6	Character	Vorlon	0	2	15	0	0	Vorlon	R	Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to enter play. May replace Lyta Alexander. Lyta Alexander is discarded and cannot reenter play. Any player may apply an even amount of influence. Lyta gains or losses (that player's choice) half that amount of Psi for the rest of the turn.
Lyta Released	Wheel of Fire	wheel.68	12	Character	Neutral	2	3	16	0	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Must replace Lyta Empowered, transferring all attached cards. While supporting a Psi Conflict, no other Neutral teeps supporting the same conflict can be attacked. Any aftermaths and enhancements targeting this character which increase her Psi apply double that bonus to her Psi.
Lyta, Certified Badass	Apocrypha	apocrypha.92	6	Character	Neutral	0	4	5	0	0		F	Must replace Lyta Alexander. Can be replaced by Lyta or Lyta Empowered. These replacements transfer all Marks and attachments. While this character has an attached Weapon enhancement, she gains +2 Psi and +1 damage resistance.
Lyta, Resistance Leader	The Telepath War	teepwar.101	14	Character	Neutral	2	4	16	3	0	Strife	F	Untouchable. Will not join a Psi Corps faction. Must replace a version of Lyta Axelander. Unless this character is replacing Lyta Released, you must apply 14 influence to replace her. This influence cost is reduced by an amount equal to the printed influence cost of the character you are replacing. Transfer all attached cards and marks.During the Conflict Round, you may initiate a Psi conflict targeting any site, location, or group controlled by a Psi Corps faction. The target can oppose this conflict using any ability. If successful, discard the target.
M. Garibaldi, CEO	Crusade	crusade.86	12	Character	Neutral	5	7	0	4	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Corporate. May replace any other version of Garibaldi, transferring any attached cards and marks you choose. Rotate to search your deck for Lise Hampton, or any Human Character which can replace another character, and take that card into your hand. Immediately promote (for free) M. Garibaldi, CEO if you have versions of any 3 of these characters in your Inner Circle: Ivanova, Franklin, Lise Hampton, Zack Allan, Marcus Cole. Discard this character if you control a Psi Cop or William Morgan Clark.
Machiavellian Politics	The Great War	greatwar.193	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Hold a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, Babylon 5 gains +2 influence, and each ambassador who voted against the measure must abstain from the next Babylon 5 vote..
Machine City	The Vorlons	vorlons.75	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Enigma. Irrevocable while Epsilon III is in play. Draal the Caretaker and all Zathras characters gain the Enigma bold-face text. All Babylon 4 conflicts gain +1 support when initiated. If Epsilon III is in play, all players except the controller of Epsilon III play with the top card of their deck revealed.
Main Battlefleet	Wheel of Fire	wheel.69	8	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	12		R	When attacked, this fleet suffers additional damage equal to the combined Destiny Marks and Vorlon Marks attached to the attacking fleet's leader.
Main Gun	Crusade	crusade.87	1	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Target Excalibur or an ISA fleet. When the target rotates to attack, you may rotate this card and reveal the top 5 cards in your deck to all players. If any of the cards is a Fleet or Fleet Enhancement, neutralize a fleet of your choice, with aMilitary lower than the target's printed Military, controlled by the same player who controls the fleet you are attacking. Return the revealed cards on top of your deck in the same order.
Maintain Control	The Great War	greatwar.194	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, events cannot be played next turn.  If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, characters cannot be sponsored next turn
Maintain the Peace	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.242	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have at least 20 Military in ready fleets to sponsor this agenda. Rotate as an action to initiate a Military conflict targeting one other Military conflict. If, at the beginning of resolution, this conflict has more support than its target conflict, neither conflict resolves. Each turn no Military conflict resolves, place a peace token on this agenda. Whenever a Military conflict resolves, remove all peace tokens. Count each peace token as 1 power.
Maintenance Supervisor	Balance of Power	balance.132	6	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		F	When you sponsor or promote this character, you may target a Location Enhancement card in your discard and add it to your hand.
Major Atambe	The Telepath War	teepwar.10	6	Character	Human	2	0	0	3	0		F	When Major Atambe is in your Inner Circle, you may demote him to the Supporting Row to reduce the influence cost of promoting a Human character by 5. He does not count towards the number of characters in your Inner Circle for this promotion.
Major Krantz	Severed Dreams	dreams.75	5	Character	Human	1	1	0	1	0		C	If any Babylon 4 conflicts are in play, Major Krantz's controller must rotate him to oppose one of them as his first action, if possible. Rotate Major Krantz and target a Zathras character to return the target to his owner's hand or to inflict 1 point ofdamage on the target. Discard any Zathras cards that are in Major Krantz's faction.
Major Lianna Kemmer	Wheel of Fire	wheel.70	8	Character	Human	2	3	0	3	0		U	While you are the target of a conflict in which Military may be used, you may discard Major Lianna Kemmer from play to allow one of your Human Locations to oppose the conflict using its Military. (This causes the Location to become a participant.)
Major Sponaligle	Apocrypha	apocrypha.46	7	Character	Human	2	0	5	2	0		F	Psi Corps. Major Sponaligle may promote Psi Corps characters at -2 influence cost.
Make Money Fast	Anla'shok	rangers.59	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate a Corporate character or group to allow target faction to restore up to 3 points of influence OR restore up to 5 influence if it is a Corporate faction.
Make Them Angry	Psi Corps	psicorps.96	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one race (in play). If successful, you may increase the unrest of any number of factions of the target race by 1 each. If successful, you may also increase the race's tension(s) toward any number of other race(s) you choose by 1 each.
Malcontent	Severed Dreams	dreams.76	4	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		C	Multiple. This character becomes loyal to your race when you sponsor him. While Malcontent is a Nightwatch character, he gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue, and inflicts +3 extra damage when attacking a target who is not loyal to your race.
Man for All Seasons	Severed Dreams	dreams.77	12	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	All opposable conflicts initiated by other players gain automatic opposition equal to the number of Destiny Marks in your faction. You may rotate this enhancement and target any number of conflicts to negate this effect for those conflicts.
Manacles of Truth	The Vorlons	vorlons.76	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Enigma. Requires 5 Vorlon marks. Can only be sponsored by a Vorlon character. Target a ready Limited Inner Circle character and rotate it. The target cannot be readied. Target's controller gains 1 Power. The attached character's controller may as an action lose 1 Power and neutralize the attached character to discard this card.
Managed Growth	The Shadows	shadows.90	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	You may sponsor this agenda without rotating any characters.  Rotate this agenda to put a card from your hand on the bottom of your deck, then draw a new card.
Mandated Autopsy	Balance of Power	balance.24	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Limited. Target a character you control and remove a character that was discarded from play this game from your discard pile as an additional cost. Discard an aftermath attached to the targeted character. Then optionally, discard a Legal aftermath attached to the targeted character.
Manifest Destiny	The Shadows	shadows.91	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	Any conflict you initiate which targets a location has +10 support applied to it during resolution.  Count each location you control, loyal to a race other than your own, as 1 power.  If you have a tension of 4 or 5 toward another race, you may play Declaration of War targeting that race. Tensions between your two races then become 5.
Manipulate the Masters	Psi Corps	psicorps.97	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on your ambassador. Reveal when an event requiring Shadow or Vorlon Marks is played. You may negate the event if you have at least two more Conspiracy Marks than the number of Marks required to play the event.
Manish'tushu	Wheel of Fire	wheel.71	6	Character	Drakh	1	2	2	1	0	2x Strife	U	While ready, whenever one of your characters is attacked, you may immediately rotate Manish'tushu to attack the attacking character using the same ability. After resolving Manish'tushu's attack, proceed with the original attack unless the original attacker has been neutralized.
Marata Fleet	Crusade	crusade.88	0	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		C	Multiple. Explorer. If you have at least 10 influence, you may play this fleet directly from your hand immediately after winning an Explorer conflict (as if it was an aftermath). Damage to this fleet may not be removed or repaired.
Marco Rivera	Giants in the Playground	gitp.73	5	Character	Drakh	0	2	0	0	0		F	Crusade. Marco Rivera is considered a Human character. If Marco Rivera has an attached Weapon enhancement, rotate Marco Rivera as an action to target a non-Ambassador character. Rotate the targeted character for no effect unless its controller immediately applies 2 influence.
Marcus	Anla'shok	rangers.60	12	Character	Neutral	0	6	0	3	0	Doom, Strife	R	Ranger. May replace Marcus Cole, transferring all attached cards and marks. Promote Marcus when he enters play. Damage applied to Marcus does not reduce his abilities, unless it is enough to neutralize him. When Ranger One, your ambassador or any version of Ivanova is attacked, you may rotate Marcus to make him the target of the attack instead.
Markab Elder	The Telepath War	teepwar.125	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	5	0	0		F	Markab. Religious.While Markab Elder is in your Inner Circle, all Markab characters you control gain the Religious boldface text.
Markab Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.244	4	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	2		R	Any player may sponsor this fleet at double normal influence cost.  This fleet ignores 2 points of damage from each attack.
Marked Out	The Great War	greatwar.195	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a ready character and a conflict in which he could participate. The character is now a participant in the conflict. If the character could use more than one ability to participate in the conflict, his controller must designate one of them. The character may still participate in the conflict normally.
Market Dominance	Anla'shok	rangers.61	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Rotate this agenda and any number of Corporate groups to restore 1 Influence for each group rotated this way. Count +1 Power for each ready Corporate group you control while you control more Corporate cards than all other players combined. Limit +5 Power from this agenda.
Marlon, Senator's Clerk	The Telepath War	teepwar.29	4	Character	Human	2	0	0	0	0		F	Legal.Rotate Marlon, Senator’s Clerk as an action to add his Diplomacy to a Senator character you control. This is a sustainable action.
Mars Black Site	Balance of Power	balance.117	7	Site	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	3		F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Based on “Mars Colony”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked. This site cannot be targeted by events or aftermaths. Rotate this location and target a Psi Corps teep. While this location is rotated, they gain +2 Intrigue. If the target is a Bureau 13 character, they also gain +2 Psi. 
Mars Colony	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.245	6	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	10		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location and target one of your characters. That character gains +2 Diplomacy while this location remains rotated.
Mars Conference	Crusade	crusade.89	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	ISA. Crusade. Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, each ISA member may: discard one aftermath and/or one enhancement that targets his faction or a card in his faction, fully heal all of his Inner Circle characters, and/or draw thetop 3 cards from his Crusade Pile.
Mars Shuttle	Apocrypha	apocrypha.31	3	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	1		F	If “Mars Colony” or any site based on “Mars Colony” is in play, Mars Shuttle gains +1 Military. Two leaders may lead Mars Shuttle at the same time.
Martial Law	The Great War	greatwar.196	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your faction. Set your unrest to 5 when sponsored. You may rotate fleets to enforce martial law. While rotated (you may sustain), each 7 Military of fleets you rotate to enforce martial law lowers your unrest by 1.
Martyr	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.246	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on Yourself. Discard any number of Inner Circle characters. For each character thus discarded, you may convert one of your Doom Marks into a Destiny Mark. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Mary Garibaldi	The Telepath War	teepwar.114	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Corporate faction only. Can be sponsored for free without rotating an inner circle character if any versions of both Michael Garibaldi and Lise Hampton are in play.Rotate Mary Garibaldi instead of discarding a Credit Token from a card you control as part of any cost.
Mary Kirkish, Former IPX	Giants in the Playground	gitp.49	7	Character	Neutral	1	3	0	0	0	Shadow	F	Corporate. When you sponsor this character, search your deck for an “Evidence of Shadows” card and place it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Masked Assault	Balance of Power	balance.58	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Limited. Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable conflict you did not initiate. Nightwatch characters gain +1 Intrigue when participating in Masked Assault. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict has more support than opposition, each participant character in the targeted conflict takes 1 damage if it is of a different race that your faction’s race. If this neutralizes a character, you gain +1 Power.
Mass Carnage	Severed Dreams	dreams.78	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. You may only play this aftermath on the last conflict to be resolved this turn. Target all characters and fleets, in all factions, that attacked this turn. In initiative order, each player must (if possible) choose and neutralize one target that has a Strife Mark. After all players have chosen, place one severe damage token on all neutralized targets. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Mass Drivers	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.248	5	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target fleet gains +10 Military while supporting a conflict targeting a location or while attacking a location. Each time this bonus is applied, all other players' tensions toward the controller of the fleet increase by 1, and Babylon 5 loses 1influence.
Mass Rioting	Psi Corps	psicorps.98	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Every player with an Unrest of 4 loses 1 influence. Every player with an Unrest of 5 loses 3 influence. You may choose to have such players lose that much power instead.
Master Manipulation	Psi Corps	psicorps.99	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	U	Target your ambassador. He gains a Conspiracy Mark. As an action, you may purge a Conspiracy Mark to rotate (for no effect) any character who has a Lost Aftermath. You may purge a Conspiracy Mark from any character you control to allow the character from whom the Mark was purged, or a fleet led by that character, to participate in a conflict that excludes your race or faction. (You must abide by all other restrictions in the conflict.)
Master of All	The Great War	greatwar.197	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	Your ambassador gains +2 to all of his non-zero abilities.  After this agenda enters play, you must initiate and win a Diplomacy conflict, an Intrigue conflict, a Military conflict, and a Psi conflict.  These must all be conflicts in which all races can participate.  You may then initiate a conflict in which all abilities may be used.  If successful, you score a Major Victory that turn.
Master of Darkness	Wheel of Fire	wheel.72	9	Character	Drakh	3	2	3	2	0		C	Multiple. Drakh Ambassador. Each player may only control one Master of Darkness. Rotate this character and target a non-Drakh character with a Shadow mark to transfer a Shadow Mark from the target to Master of Darkness. You may not use this ability if it would remove the last Shadow Mark from that faction.
Master of Deception	Psi Corps	psicorps.101	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a participant character you control. Rotate this aftermath to ready the target character and remove him from participation in an Intrigue conflict. (His support or opposition no longer applies.)  He may not participate in the same conflict this turn. Discard this aftermath if the target attacks.
Masterful Plan	Anla'shok	rangers.62	0	Contingency	Drakh Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reveal when you win a conflict. Replace this agenda with a Drakh agenda from your hand without rotating a character, and ignoring all replacement restrictions.
Matthew Dexter	The Telepath War	teepwar.78	9	Character	Neutral	3	0	11	2	0		F	Religious. Cannot be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction. Damage applied to Matthew Dexter does not reduce his abilities, unless it is enough to neutralize him. The first time each game Matthew Dexter is neutralized, he gains a Doom mark. If Matthew Dexter is neutralized while he has at least one Doom mark, discard him from play immediately.
Matthew Gideon	Crusade	crusade.90	9	Character	Human	3	3	0	3	0	Destiny	R	Crusade. Explorer. Legacy. If you control a Human Fleet and no Psi Corps Fleets, you may sponsor Matthew Gideon at -9 cost. If Matthew Gideon is targeted by the Apocalypse Box, you may promote him at -9 cost. If a fleet led by Matthew Gideon would be neutralized if he readies, he cannot ready.
Max Eilerson	Crusade	crusade.91	7	Character	Neutral	2	4	0	0	0		R	Corporate. Crusade. Explorer. Max Eilerson may sponsor enhancements as if he were a member of every race. Max Eilerson may have enhancements target him as if he were a member of every race.
Mayor Lindak	Apocrypha	apocrypha.29	6	Character	Centauri	4	0	0	0	0		F	Mayor Lindak may lead a location as if it were a fleet by using his Diplomacy.
Med Lab	The Great War	greatwar.198	6	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any player may apply 6 influence to remove one point of severe damage from any target character with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks. Any player may apply 6 influence to remove all normal damage from any ready character with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks.
Meddling With the Unknown	Crusade	crusade.92	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on your ambassador or a Techno-mage character. Reveal during the Draw Round and target a player who, through a card he played this turn, will cause a round of play next turn to be skipped for all players. That player loses 2 influence and you may draw 4 cards. Each player may only be targeted with this card once per turn.
Meddling with Others	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.249	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Apply 5 influence to initiate one conflict against a target race: Intrigue: If successful, the target's unrest increases by 1. Diplomacy: If successful, factions of the target race lose 1 influence. Military: If successful, the cost for all players to sponsor fleets of that race increases by 1.
Media Circus	Wheel of Fire	wheel.73	5	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Media. During the Conflict Round, rotate to initiated an additional Media Diplomacy Conflict targeting a Media Character. Participant Media Characters whose highest base ability is less than 3 cannot be attacked during this conflict. If successful, the target gains +1 Diplomacy.
Media Monopolist	Anla'shok	rangers.63	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Media. Your ambassador and Inner Circle Corporate characters count as Media characters. You can apply 1 additional Influence each turn for each Media character in your Inner Circle. Count +1 Power while no other player controls any Media cards and you have a ready Inner Circle Media character.
Medical Assistance	The Great War	deluxe.250	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a neutralized supporting character. Treat him as an Inner Circle character until he is unneutralized.
Medical Database	Wheel of Fire	wheel.74	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. May not be initiated if the Medical Database Enhancement is in play. If successful, this card becomes a Global Enhancement which gives each character controlled by an ISA member +1 damage resistance for every 2 players who are ISA members. If successful, reduce the tensions of every race that has an ISA member towards every other race with an ISA member by 1.
Medical Emergency	The Telepath War	teepwar.120	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Play as your first action on target conflict. You must reveal this contingency the first time a character you do not control becomes a participant in this conflict. At resolution this character applies 3 less support or opposition. If the participant is a Medical character, instead rotate it for no effect and it is no longer considered a participant in the conflict.
Medical Regulation	Balance of Power	balance.116	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Medical. Target two ready characters controlled by the same faction that each have a different race that isn’t Shadow, Vorlon, or Drakh. Rotate both characters.
Medical Staff	Balance of Power	balance.146	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. All Doctor characters and other Medical characters gain +1 Diplomacy. When a character rotates to heal another character as an action, an additional damage token is healed.
Medical Station	A New Beginning	beginning.64	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Medical. Doctor characters gain the Medical boldface text while this enhancement is in play. Rotate this enhancement to ready a Medical card other than itself.
Meditation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.251	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Draw 2 cards.
Megalopolis	Wheel of Fire	wheel.75	9	Location		0	0	0	0	20		U	Multiple. May replace a Limited location that is the Homeworld of the race controlling it, transferring all attached cards. When played, this Location becomes loyal to the race that controls it, and becomes the Homeworld of that race. Rotate and target anon-ambassador character of your race or a fleet of your race. For the rest of this turn, the target may support or oppose one conflict using its highest ability, no matter which ability would normally be appropriate.
Melat	The Great War	greatwar.201	6	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	5		U	Pak'ma'ra Homeworld.  Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  You may sponsor characters at -1 influence cost.  This ability may be used by the controller, even if this location is conquered.
Merchandising B5	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.252	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Babylon 5 cannot lose any more influence this turn.   The next card you play is reduced in cost by 2 influence (to a minimum of 0).
Merciless	The Great War	greatwar.202	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target character inflicts +1 damage for each Shadow Mark attached to that character
MetaPol	The Telepath War	teepwar.57	8	Group	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Increase your unrest by 1 when sponsored. All your Corporate teeps are -1 to each non-Psi ability. All your Psi Cop characters gain +1 Intrigue and +1 Psi.
MetaPol Starfuries	A New Beginning	beginning.26	4	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	2		F	Psi Corps. While being led by a Psi Cop, this fleet gains +2 Military. If you have tension towards another faction at 5 or that faction controls a Neutral Teep character, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that faction. Fleets from that faction may attack this fleet in return.
Metasensory Regulation Authority	The Telepath War	teepwar.58	8	Group	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	0		F	While you control this group, if you are a Psi Corps faction, gain +1 Power.Your influence cost to sponsor teeps with only one other non-zero ability besides Psi is reduced by 2.
Metasensory Screening	The Telepath War	teepwar.43	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Psi may be used to oppose this conflict. Medical characters apply double support at resolution.If successful, restore up to 1 influence. If you win by 10 or more, also reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a teep and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards. If you win by 20 or more, also increase the Unrest level of every faction that does not control at least one teep character by 1.
Michael Garibaldi	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.254	8	Character	Human	0	3	0	0	0		F	Michael Garibaldi's Intrigue is doubled while he is opposing an Intrigue conflict or while he is attacked. Michael Garibaldi may use his Intrigue as Diplomacy.
Mila Shar	The Vorlons	vorlons.77	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	0	0	0		C	Abbai. When an opponent targets you with a conflict you may rotate and discard this character to force that player to choose a different target if one is available. If there are no other possible targets then you may still be targeted as normal.
Military Buildup	The Shadows	shadows.92	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	You may sponsor this agenda without rotating any characters.  If you have no fleets in your faction, your cost to sponsor a fleet is reduced by 4.
Military Cadre	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.255	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate and target a character. That character gains +2 Leadership while this group remains rotated.
Military Outpost	A New Beginning	beginning.12	6	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		C	Multiple. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting your faction, or a card in your faction.
Military Telepaths	Psi Corps	deluxe.256	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Military Telepaths. That character gains a bonus to his Military equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.
Military Tribunal	Balance of Power	balance.10	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Intrigue may be used in this conflict. Target a non-ambassador character with a printed Leadership of 1 or more. If succesful, this becomes an aftermath attached to the targeted character that reads: “This character cannot use their Leadership to participate in a conflict, or to lead a fleet.” If you win this conflict by 10 or more, demote target character to the Supporting Row.
Minbar	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.257	10	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	25		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.   Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Minbar Jump Gate	Apocrypha	apocrypha.100	7	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	8		F	Jump Gate. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. This location gains +3 Military if you control at least one character of each caste: Religious Caste, Warrior Caste, and Worker Caste. If this location is the target of a successful "Blow the Jump Gate" conflict, discard this location instead of blanking it. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn for every Free Trade state you are part of.
Minbari Fanatic	The Great War	greatwar.205	5	Character	Minbari	3	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple. This character cannot be sponsored if there are not at least 2 Minbari factions in the game. Minbari Fanatic may rotate to attack any Minbari character whose Diplomacy is greater than 0 using Diplomacy.
Minbari Judge	Balance of Power	balance.29	6	Character	Minbari	4	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Minbari Judge can participate in any Legal conflict using their Diplomacy.
Minbari Officiator	A New Beginning	beginning.50	5	Character	Minbari	2	1	0	0	0		F	Religious Caste. Rotate to reduce the influence cost for replacing a character by 1.
Minbari Protectorate	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.261	4	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	15		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.   While this location is in play, reduce your cost to sponsor neutral characters and characters from any race whose ambassador is not in play by 2.
Minbari Witness	Balance of Power	balance.20	5	Character	Minbari	3	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Minbari Witness cannot be attacked while supporting or opposing a conflict.
Minbari Worker	Anla'shok	rangers.65	4	Character	Minbari	1	1	0	1	0		C	Multiple. Worker Caste. When this character rotates to support or oppose a conflict you may restore 1 point of influence.
Mind Games	Psi Corps	psicorps.104	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. If you win by 30 or more, gain 1 influence. If you win by 60 or more, you may also return this conflict to your hand.
Mind Guardian	The Telepath War	teepwar.88	7	Character	Minbari	2	0	6	0	0		F	Worker Caste. Multiple.Rotate Mind Guardian and target a character that does not have damage resistance. Until the end of the turn, the targeted character gains an amount of damage resistance equal to half the current Psi of Mind Guardian (rounded down). Actions affecting the current Psi of Mind Guardian afterwards will also change the damage resistance gained. This action cannot be sustained.
Mind Kata	The Telepath War	teepwar.69	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	At the end of each turn in which the attached character did not participate in a conflict, add a Concentration Token to this enhancement (to a maximum of 5). Each time the attached character participates in a conflict, at the start of the Resolution Round, remove all Concentration Tokens from this enhancement and the attached character gains an amount of Psi equal to the number of removed tokens. If the number of removed tokens equals 5, the attached character gains a Conspiracy mark.
Mind Kumite	The Telepath War	teepwar.68	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a teep you control. Reveal when this character is participating in a conflict and another teep just rotated to participate in the same conflict. If the current Psi of your teep is equal or higher than the current Psi of that teep, that teep does not apply support or opposition at resolution. The ability with which these characters are participating in the conflict need not be Psi.
Mind Probe	The Telepath War	teepwar.77	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Target a non-teep character you control. The character gains a Conspiracy mark. This character can oppose Psi conflicts using their Intrigue.
Minds That Matter	Psi Corps	psicorps.105	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Psi conflict that is targeting you or a card in your faction. Add up the total current Diplomacy of all characters in your faction, and that of all characters in the conflict initiator's faction. If your total Diplomacy is higher, the Psi Conflict gains +20 opposition.
Mindwalkers	Psi Corps	psicorps.106	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	As an action, any teep may rotate to target a Neutral or Shadow character that has Shadow Marks. The target's printed cost must be less than the rotating teep's Psi. While targeted, the character's effect text is blanked. This action may be sustained. Characters in the target's faction may attack the rotated teep using Psi.
Mindwipe	The Shadows	shadows.94	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Psi may be used in this conflict. Target a non-Ambassador character with a Doom Mark. If successful, apply the target's influence cost. The character's owner must go through his deck until he finds the first character he could play with the same or lowercost. Replace the old character with the new, discarding all aftermaths and enhancements.
Mines	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.263	7	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	If a war conflict is initiated against you, every fleet from any other race that participates in the conflict suffers 1 damage.  Damage is inflicted when the fleet rotates, before it attacks, supports or opposes the conflict.
Mining Team	Apocrypha	apocrypha.131	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. At the resolution of any Corporate conflict you initiated, if it succeeded by 10 or more, put a Mining token on this card. You may discard 3 Mining tokens from this card to gain +1 power.
Minister Chorlini	Wheel of Fire	wheel.76	10	Character	Centauri	4	4	0	3	0		U	Defense Minister. As an action, rotate Minister Chorlini and apply 2 influence to search your deck and take into your hand the first fleet with the text "Can only participate in conflicts targeting you" (shuffle your deck afterwards). While leading a fleet that is opposing a conflict that targets you, Minister Chorlini has +3 Leadership.  While you control a non-homeworld Centauri Location, you may promote Minister Chorlini at -3 cost.
Minister Durano	The Great War	greatwar.206	9	Character	Centauri	0	9	0	0	0		R	Centauri Spymaster.  Strife Marks cannot be attached to this character.  Rotate this character and lose 1 influence to put any contingency card in your discard pile back into your hand.
Minister Flentak	Balance of Power	balance.2	7	Character	Neutral	7	4	0	3	0		F	Unique. Legal. Must replace Apriori Flentak & Nix by applying 7 influence. While Minister Flentak is participating in a Legal conflict, every player must apply 1 influence as an additional cost for any non-Legal character to participate in that conflict. 
Minister Kafta	Giants in the Playground	gitp.33	8	Character	Neutral	2	5	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Tzillari. Enigma. When Minister Kafta sponsors a Hand of God fleet, reduce the marks requirement by 1.
Minister Malachai	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.264	10	Character	Centauri	7	2	0	0	0		R	Rotate Minister Malachi to draw a card.
Minister Verano	The Great War	greatwar.207	8	Character	Centauri	5	0	0	0	0		U	Minister Verano cannot attack.  Minister Verano cannot be attacked.
Minister Virini	The Shadows	shadows.95	8	Character	Centauri	5	3	0	0	0		U	All Centauri supporting characters are-1 Intrigue while this character is Ready.
Minister Vole	Giants in the Playground	gitp.69	8	Character	Centauri	3	5	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Minister Vole gains +1 Intrigue for each Conspiracy mark he has. Each time one of your characters is discarded from play, Minister Vole gains a Conspiracy mark.
Ministrations	The Vorlons	vorlons.78	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Can only be sponsored by a character in a Drakh faction. Target a character that is not Vorlon-tainted. When this enhancement is sponsored, rotate the character it targets. At the beginning of each action round, if the target is not neutralized, it takes 1 damage. Ignore this effect if the target is a faction's ambassador.
Misdirected Force	The Shadows	shadows.96	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target any character.  If that character has 2 or more marks of the same type, purge one of those marks.
Misdirection	Psi Corps	psicorps.107	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character you control. As your first action, you may discard this aftermath and rotate 3 ready Inner Circle characters with Conspiracy Marks to change the target of a conflict to any other valid target.
Mistaken Identity	Psi Corps	psicorps.109	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on teep. Reveal at the start of the Resolution Round if this teep is the target of an Intrigue conflict. Change the target of the conflict to a mundane you control. You may not do this if the conflict is supported by a character with Intrigue higherthan the Psi of this teep.
Mister Pekoe	The Telepath War	teepwar.14	8	Character	Human	3	0	9	0	0		F	Psi Corps.When you promote Mister Pekoe you may immediately promote a “Psi Corps Aide” character or a “Psi Corps Recruit” character you control for free.
Miziri Tal	Wheel of Fire	wheel.77	6	Character	Non-Aligned	4	2	0	0	0		R	Hyach Ambassador. Cannot have contingencies played on her. If you have 5 or less influence, gain +1 influence when you rotate Miziri Tal to build influence.
Mob Violence	The Great War	greatwar.208	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Any character who attacks a character of his own race this turn does additional damage equal the target's unrest.
Mobilize Reserves	The Shadows	shadows.97	5	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any non-Homeworld fleet which can only participate in conflicts targeting you.  That restriction is lifted. The fleet can now participate in any conflict.
Modern Refit	The Shadows	shadows.98	6	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reduce any damage target suffers in attacks by 1.
Mog Mal Ged	The Vorlons	vorlons.79	8	Character	Non-Aligned	3	1	0	1	0		R	Grome. Ambassador. Choose a race in play when this character enters play or is revealed as your ambassador. Players of that race count -1 Power while this character is unneutralized.
Mogoth	The Vorlons	vorlons.80	1	Event	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		C	Household God. Put the top card of your discard pile on the top or bottom of your deck. If this card is the top card of your discard pile when you win a conflict by 5 or more, you may return it to your hand.
Moles	The Great War	greatwar.209	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple. If another faction controls a group restricted to your race, you may apply 5 influence and rotate Moles to take control of the group for the rest of the turn.
Momentum	The Great War	greatwar.210	7	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target faction can initiate an additional conflict from a conflict card each turn.  Discard this enhancement when the faction loses a conflict.
Monitored Deal	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.265	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Play before making a deal with another player.  Rotate a character with Psi of 5 or more.  If the deal is agreed upon by both players, then both players must honor the deal.  If either player literally cannot honor the deal, he loses 2 influence.
Monks	The Shadows	shadows.99	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	All characters you control who do not have a Strife Mark suffer 1 less damage when attacked.
Monopoly	Crusade	crusade.93	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Corporate. Cannot be initiated if any player is targeted by Monopoly. If successful, draw 4 cards, and this card becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with the following text: Other players may not initiate Trade Pacts unless they target your race. Whenever another player plays Trade Windfall, you gain +2 influence. Each turn you may apply additional influence equal to the number of States of Free Trade in play.
Monorail Explosion	The Telepath War	teepwar.2	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Target an ambassador. The targeted ambassador cannot participate in this conflict. If successful, neutralize the targeted ambassador and inflict 1 point of severe damage to the targeted ambassador for each 5 strength with which this conflict succeeds. If you win by 15 or more, gain +1 power.
Mora'dum	Anla'shok	rangers.66	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger. Rotate a Ranger character (not Ranger One) to play this conflict. Target an opponent who has won a conflict that directly caused you (or an ISA member) to lose influence or power. Rangers cannot oppose this conflict and cannot attack characters that are supporting it. If successful, the character you rotated gains a Strife mark and the target transfers 1 power to you. If unsuccessful, neutralize the character you rotated and it loses its bold-face text Ranger.
Moral Quandary	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.266	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character.   The target character is rotated for no effect.   The owner of the character may negate this event by applying influence equal to the character's cost.
Morann	Anla'shok	rangers.67	9	Character	Minbari	6	3	0	4	0	Strife	U	Warrior Caste. Grey Council Member. Minbari players must apply 2 additional influence each time they play a Ranger card as an additional requirement. You can apply 2 additional influence every turn for each state of war you are in at the beginning of that turn.
Morden	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.267	8	Character	Neutral	2	3	0	0	0	3x Shadow	R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to sponsor.  Morden gains +1 Intrigue for each Shadow Mark he has.  Rotate Morden to reduce the cost of any card providing or requiring Shadow Marks by the number of Shadow Marks he has (minimum cost 0).
More Than Meets the Eye	The Telepath War	teepwar.126	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Play as your first action on target conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, also reveal the top card of your deck. If this card is a character, add support equal to a printed ability on that character that could be used to support the conflict, and put that card into your hand.
Mother of All Parties	The Vorlons	vorlons.81	0	Conflict	Centauri Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. When this conflict is initiated all Centauri characters gain +1 Intrigue until the end of the turn. At the start of the Resolution Round all participants take 5 damage. If this conflict succeeds, each player with an unneutralized character supporting this conflict gains 2 influence unless they are at war with the initiator of the conflict.
Mothership Fleet	The Telepath War	teepwar.96	11	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	12		F	Psi Corps. Requires 8 Conspiracy marks to sponsor. This fleet cannot attack. When this fleet is being led by a teep, it gains a Strife mark. If that teep is a Psi Cop, it also gains 3 damage resistance.
Motivated Leaders	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.268	5	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	While you are the target of a war conflict all of you characters gain +1 Leadership
Moxtoke	The Telepath War	teepwar.133	5	Site	Narn	0	4	0	0	0	Strife	F	Based on “Narn Homeworld”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.Rotate Moxtoke as an action and target a conflict initiated by a Narn faction. All participants in that conflict that are using an ability not mentioned in the card type of the target conflict apply 2 less support or opposition.
Mr Paretti	Anla'shok	rangers.68	8	Character	Neutral	2	4	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Neutralize Mr Paretti as an action and apply 3 influence (plus one for each Conspiracy mark he has) to give him a Conspiracy mark.
Mr. Adams	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.269	6	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		U	Rotate Mr. Adams to give one character you control +2 to any ability, if that character is participating in a conflict that can increase one player's influence while reducing another player's influence.
Mr. Becvar	Giants in the Playground	gitp.82	7	Character	Human	1	1	8	0	0		F	Psi Corps. The mark requirement for sponsoring Shadow, Vorlon or First One cards is increased by 1 unless that player applies 1 influence for no effect as an additional cost when sponsoring such cards. Rotate this character to search your deck for a “Block” event and take it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Mr. Chase	The Great War	greatwar.211	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		C	Characters in the same faction as Mr. Chase may sponsor Weapon and Armor enhancements at 2 less influence cost.  If Mr. Chase's faction is not at war, his faction may apply 1 additional influence for each turn for each pair of races at war.
"Mr. Jones"	Crusade	crusade.94	9	Character	Human	2	2	7	0	0		C	Multiple. Any ISA member may sponsor "Mr. Jones" at normal cost. "Mr. Jones" inflicts +2 damage and has +2 damage resistance during attacks using Psi.
Mr. Morden	The Shadows	shadows.100	10	Character	Neutral	4	4	0	0	0	3x Shadow	R	May not be sponsored. Must replace Morden, transferring all aftermaths and enhancements. Mr. Morden gains +1 Intrigue for each Shadow Mark he has. Each turn, every player may spend an additional amount of influence equal to the number of Shadow Marks they have. This influence can only be spent to bring into play cards which require Shadow marks.
Ms. Hoijer	The Telepath War	teepwar.38	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Human factions that control at least 1 Senator character can sponsor Ms. Hoijer at -1 influence cost.Rotate Ms. Hoijer at the resolution of a Won non-Universal conflict you initiated. You can choose not to ready her during the Ready Round. You may ready Ms. Hoijer at the start of the resolution of a conflict you initiated. That conflict gains +3 automatic support.
Mu Tai Exhibition	The Great War	greatwar.212	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	The faction with the single most Strife Marks may apply 4 extra influence next turn to sponsor characters.
Muddy the Waters	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.270	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for you.  While in play, at the end of each conflict round, you may exchange the conflict card you played (if any) with one from your hand.
Multitasking	A New Beginning	beginning.68	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 1 Conspiracy mark. Target a character that is participating in a conflict. Ready the character. It can rotate participate in another conflict, applying their ability in both conflicts at resolution. The targeted character cannot participate in the same conflict twice.
Munitions Convoy	The Great War	greatwar.213	4	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	1		F	While this fleet is unneutralized and supporting or opposing a Military conflict, all other Non-Aligned fleets on the same side gain +1 Military. If there are any other non-neutralized Non-Aligned fleets participating in the conflict on the same side, this fleet cannot be attacked.
Murder Trial	Balance of Power	balance.34	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Legal. Target a non-ambassador character who has attacked and neutralized another character this game. If successful, the target gains a Doom mark. If you succeed by 5 or more, neutralize the target. If you succeed by 20 or more, discard the target.
Muster Support	The Shadows	shadows.101	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	You may sponsor this agenda without rotating any characters.  If you have 4 or fewer characters in your faction, your cost to sponsor and to promote each character is reduced by 2.
Mutiny	The Great War	greatwar.214	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet of your race controlled by another faction. That faction's must have an unrest of 4 or 5. If this conflict succeeds by more than the fleet's Military, you gain control of the fleet. When you do so the fleet suffers damage equal to its leader's leadership.
Mutual Defense	Wheel of Fire	wheel.78	4	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Must be sponsored by an ISA member. Cannot be blanked. As an action, any ISA member may rotate a leaderless fleet controlled by another ISA member to oppose a conflict targeting an ISA member or a card controlled by an ISA member (even a conflict initiated by the fleet's controller). As an action, any ISA member may rotate a leaderless fleet controlled by another ISA member to attack a fleet controlled by a non-ISA member with whom any ISA member is at war.
Mutual Understanding	Severed Dreams	dreams.81	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Call a Babylon 5 vote. (Even if the vote fails,) each player who votes "Yes" may apply 2 additional influence next turn for each "Yes" vote that was cast in this vote. If the vote passes, no more cards may participate in any conflicts this turn.
My Good Friend!	Wheel of Fire	wheel.79	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be reversed. Reveal cards one by one from the top of your deck until you reveal a character, then restore any amount of your spent influence, up to the character's printed cost. Take that character into your hand, then discard all of the other revealed cards.
My Hands Are Tied	Psi Corps	psicorps.112	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	If the target player initiated any conflicts this turn, then his characters and fleets may only participate further in: those conflicts, conflicts that target his faction, and conflicts that target a card in his faction. (This restriction lasts until theend of the turn.)
Mysterious Mists	Giants in the Playground	gitp.93	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage character you control. As an action, once per turn, the attached character may take 1 damage to ready themselves. This damage cannot be prevented or ignored.
Mysterious Protections	The Shadows	shadows.102	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate a Techno-mage.  Target a character.  The target character takes no damage when attacked for the rest of the turn.
Myth of Blood	The Telepath War	teepwar.139	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Desa Alexander may sponsor this card for free. Target a non-Psi Corps character you control. They gain the Religious boldface text. If they are a teep, they also gain +2 damage resistance.
N'chak'fah	The Telepath War	teepwar.134	8	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	6		F	Gaim Homeworld. This location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.Gaim characters gain +2 Psi while this location is ready. (This bonus does apply to characters with 0 Psi.)
Na'Far	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.272	8	Character	Narn	5	2	0	0	0		U	While ready, you may cause any Narn character who is attacked to suffer 3 less damage. Rotate Na'Far when this effect is used.
Na'Feel	Giants in the Playground	gitp.25	5	Character	Narn	0	2	0	2	0		F	Ranger. Rotate Na’Feel to repair up to two damage from any fleet you control. If this fleet is a Ranger fleet or has a Renowned enhancement, Na’Feel repairs an additional damage.
Na'Ka'Leen Feeder	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.273	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any player may be supported in this conflict.  Whichever player generates the lowest total must return one supporting character to his hand, or demote an Inner Circle character. If there is a tie for the lowest total, all tied players must do so.
Na'Kal	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.274	8	Character	Narn	2	0	0	4	0		F	While ready, you may choose to withdraw a Narn fleet that is being attacked from a conflict. If this is done, the fleet inflicts and receives no damage. The fleet is no longer participating in the conflict.  Rotate Na'Kal when this effect is used.
Na'Keth	The Vorlons	vorlons.82	5	Character	Narn	1	1	0	3	0		C	Any fleet led by this character gains +2 Military while opposing a conflict.
Na'Toth (ready)	The Vorlons	vorlons.83	4	Character	Narn	1	2	0	1	0	Strife	U	Narn Ambassador's Assistant. Warrior. Na'Toth may replace Ko'Dath. If your ambassador becomes neutralized, you may ready this character.
Na'Toth, Friend to Garibaldi	The Telepath War	teepwar.12	6	Character	Narn	3	1	0	4	0	2x Strife	F	Narn Ambassador’s Assistant. Must replace Na’Toth, transferring all attached cards and marks. Can be replaced by Lady Na’Toth.As an action, once per game, rotate this character to purge a Strife mark from target character.
Nanotech Plague	Crusade	crusade.95	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. Requires 5 Shadow Marks. Apply 11 influence and target another player. Aftermaths cannot be played at resolution of this conflict. If successful: gain +2 influence, the target must neutralize one of his characters and one of his fleets (if possible), this conflict returns to your hand, and you may target the same player with it next turn, for free, with no requirements, as an additional conflict. If you win this conflict 5 times against the same player, he is eliminated from the game. If unsuccessful, remove this card from the game.
Napar'ishu	Wheel of Fire	wheel.80	5	Character	Drakh	5	3	2	1	0		C	Drakh Ambassador's Assistant. Rotate to place a Chaos Token on this character.
Narn Agent	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.277	3	Character	Narn	0	2	0	0	0		F	Multiple.
Narn Agitator	The Great War	greatwar.216	4	Character	Narn	2	0	0	0	0		C	Multiple.  Rotate this character to cause all Narn Agitators in play to gain +1 to each of their non-zero abilities for the rest of the turn.
Narn Aide	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.278	3	Character	Narn	2	0	0	0	0		F	Multiple.
Narn Captain	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.279	4	Character	Narn	0	0	0	3	0		F	Multiple.
Narn Customs Officer	Balance of Power	balance.83	5	Character	Narn	2	2	0	0	0		F	Legal. Rotate this character as an action and target any character. Until the end of the turn, the controller of that character must apply an amount of influence equal to the number of  enhancements attached to the targeted character to allow the targeted character to participate in conflicts.
Narn Dispatch Officer	Balance of Power	balance.53	5	Character	Narn	3	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this character and choose an character you control. Until the end of the Action Round, the cost of promoting the chosen character to the Inner Circle is reduced by 2 influence.
Narn Fanatic	The Great War	greatwar.217	5	Character	Narn	0	0	0	3	0		F	Multiple. This character cannot be sponsored if there are not at least 2 Narn factions in the game. Narn Fanatic may rotate to attack any Narn character whose Leadership is greater than 0 using Leadership.
Narn Freighter	Apocrypha	apocrypha.48	4	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	2		F	Multiple. If one of your Inner Circle characters would be neutralized as the result of them being attacked, you may discard Narn Freighter to have that character ignore the damage.
Narn Geneticist	The Telepath War	teepwar.118	5	Character	Narn	0	3	0	0	0		F	Medical. Multiple.While you control Narn Geneticist the “Latent Telepath” enhancement can also target Narn characters.
Narn Homeworld	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.280	10	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	20		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Narn Opera	Giants in the Playground	gitp.51	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Cannot be played on a Narn character. Whenever the attached character participates in a conflict that has a Narn participant or a Techno-mage participant, they apply only half support or opposition at the resolution of the conflict (rounded up).
Narn Rabble	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.281	7	Group	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate and target a character whose highest ability is 4 or less.  That character rotates for no effect.
Narn Surveyor Pilot	Balance of Power	balance.81	7	Character	Narn	2	0	0	4	0	Doom	F	Crusade. While leading a fleet that is attacking an Enigma, Shadow or Vorlon fleet, you may ignore the attacked fleet’s damage resistance.
Narn Weapons Advisor	Balance of Power	balance.19	7	Character	Narn	1	3	0	2	0		F	While he is an Inner Circle character, Narn Weapons Advisor may sponsor Fleet enhancements at -2 influence cost.
Narn with a Key	The Telepath War	teepwar.127	6	Character	Narn	0	3	0	1	0		F	Rotate this character as an action and target a site with equal or lower Intrigue. Rotate the site. While this character remains rotated, the targeted site cannot be readied.
Natchok Var	Crusade	crusade.96	6	Character	Neutral	2	3	0	0	0		U	Crusade. Explorer. Your Unrest must be 1 to sponsor this character. You cannot play any card that could increase your Unrest. As an action, rotate to search your deck for the first event you find that can increase a character's ability (or abilities) and place it in your hand.
Natural Born Leader	Severed Dreams	dreams.82	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target your ambassador after winning an opposable conflict, if he has at least 2 Destiny Marks. The target gains +1 to one non-zero ability of your choice for each faction that provided support for the conflict, including your own faction.
Navigator Robertson	Crusade	crusade.97	5	Character	Neutral	0	0	0	2	0		C	Crusade. Navigator Robertson becomes loyal to your race immediately after you sponsor her.  While leading a fleet, that fleet may participate in Leadership Conflicts using Military.
Nay-Sayer	Severed Dreams	dreams.83	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an ambassador. Each time the character's race votes No in a Babylon 5 vote, place a Nay-Sayer Token on this card. The target counts -1 Diplomacy for each Nay-Sayer Token on this card.
Needler	Apocrypha	apocrypha.41	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Weapon. Target a character you control. Cannot be used with any other Weapon Enhancement. When the attached character attacks another character, you may move Needler to the attacked character. It becomes an aftermath that reads: "The attached character does not ready during the Ready Round. Discard Needler at the end of the Ready Round."
Negotiated Surrender	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.282	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target both parties in a war conflict.  Reduce both parties' tension towards each other to 4 and end the war.  The loser of the conflict loses 2 influence, and the winner gains 2 influence.  If either participant has more influence than Babylon 5, he maynegate this card. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Negotiation Deadline	Psi Corps	psicorps.113	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a Diplomacy conflict. Beginning with your next action, Diplomacy may not be used to support or oppose the target conflict.
Neoma Connoly	Anla'shok	rangers.69	6	Character	Neutral	3	2	0	0	0		U	If you are a Corporate Faction discard Neoma Connoly at the start of the action round unless you apply 3 influence. When Neoma Connoly opposes a Corporate conflict (or supported by a Corporate character), apply 3 automatic opposition to that conflict. This character gets +2 damage resistance while being attacked by a Corporate character.
Neutrality Treaty	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.284	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another race with whom you have no state of Neutrality. Characters of your two races apply double diplomacy during resolution. If successful, there is a state of Neutrality between your two races. Characters and fleets of your races cannot attack each other. Any player of your two races may cancel the state of Neutrality during any draw round.
Never Again	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.285	0	Agenda	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		F	All of your fleets gain +2 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict.  Count each ready fleet you have with an unmodified Military greater than 4 as 1 power.
Never Forgive	The Vorlons	vorlons.84	0	Conflict	Narn Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Military can be used in this conflict. When this conflict is initiated, remove all "Rise of the Republic" in play from the game. If this conflicts succeeds by 10 or more, this conflict becomes a Faction Aftermath with the text: "Your Influence Rating is increased by 1 whil this aftermath is in play. You may discard this aftermath as an action to neutralize up to one character and up to one fleet in the same Centauri faction."
Never Give Up	The Vorlons	vorlons.85	2	Event	Human	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target Human character that is supporting a conflict gains +3 to a non-zero ability of your choice and if the conflict that this character is supporting is won, its controller draws a card.
New Opportunities	The Shadows	shadows.104	5	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Each player may, once per turn as an action, apply 5 influence to cause any player to immediately draw a card from his deck.
New Priorities	The Shadows	shadows.105	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Discard a ready supporting card you control.  Name a different card type, either Character, Fleet, Location or Group. Go through your deck until you find the first card of that type that you could immediately sponsor for the same or lower influence cost. Put the new card into play at no cost as a supporting card, then shuffle your deck.
New Team	Crusade	crusade.98	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		C	Crusade. Explorer. Legacy. Promote (for free) your Crusade character who supported your Crusade conflict, your Explorer character who supported your Explorer conflict, or your Legacy character who supported your Legacy conflict. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
New Uniforms	Crusade	crusade.99	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a conflict you initiated which had no target and did not provide you influence or power. Search your deck and take one character loyal to your race into your hand. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
News of Defeat	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.286	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a player who lost a fleet in the conflict.  His ambassador loses 1 point from an ability of your choice.
News of Galactic Import	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.287	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	No conflicts may be played next turn. News of Galactic Import cannot be played next turn.
Newton's Third Law	Wheel of Fire	wheel.81	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character you control who is loyal to your race. Reveal after the target attacks a character loyal to a race other than the target's race. The target gains the text Nightwatch.
Nhim/Grem	Anla'shok	rangers.70	7	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0		U	Pak'Ma'Ra. Ranger. Cannot attack or be attacked. Nhim/Grem can participate in any conflict using Intrigue, regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate.
Nhuk/Vrek	The Great War	greatwar.220	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	4	0	0	0		R	Pak'ma'ra. You may select a character in your discard pile who was once in play but is not currently in play and remove him from the game to fully heal any Pak'ma'ra character, even if the character is neutralized.
Night Terrors	The Vorlons	vorlons.86	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Target partiticpant character in the initiator's faction gains a Doom mark. Discard one card of your choice, face-up or face-down, attached to that character. Discard this aftermath after play.
Night of the Long Knives	Psi Corps	psicorps.115	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player with an unrest of 4 or 5. For every 5 points by which this conflict succeeds, you may neutralize one character of your choice controlled by the target.
Nightmares	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.288	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Target participant character gains a Doom mark.
Nightwatch Enforcers	The Shadows	shadows.107	7	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		U	As an action, alter your tension toward any one race by 2.  When you do so, increase your unrest by 1.
Nightwatch in Charge	The Telepath War	teepwar.148	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Your ambassador must have the Nightwatch boldface text to initiate this conflict. Characters that do not share your faction’s race, apply 2 less opposition at resolution. If successful, you may apply an additional influence next turn equal to the number of Nightwatch participants. If you win by 30 or more, this conflict becomes an aftermath on your ambassador that reads “While this aftermath is in play, you gain +1 Power”.
No Alternatives	The Shadows	shadows.108	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a faction with an unrest of 4 or 5.  The target faction cannot discard its agenda, and can only replace the agenda with a Major Agenda.  Discard this enhancement if the target's unrest drops to 2 or lower.
No Compromises	The Great War	greatwar.221	0	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	Vorlon fleets and characters with Vorlon Marks cannot support opposable conflicts initiated by a faction with Shadow Marks. Shadow fleets and characters with Shadow Marks cannot support opposable conflicts initiated by a faction with Vorlon Marks.
No Escape	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.289	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Discard one participant fleet that received at least half its base Military ability in damage during the turn. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
No Mercy	The Great War	greatwar.222	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Target your ambassador, and designate one player who attacked one of your fleets during the conflict. All of your fleets gain a Strife Mark while attacking fleets controlled by the designated player.
No One Returns	Severed Dreams	dreams.86	0	Contingency	Location	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal when a fleet attacks the target location or supports a conflict targeting that location. The location takes no damage during the attack. If the target location has greater Military than the fleet, neutralize and discard the fleet and its leaders.If the leader is an ambassador, he is instead neutralized with 3 severe damage.
No Surprises	Psi Corps	psicorps.116	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		C	Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. Target a faction with at least one Contingency Card in play. If successful, review their Contingency Cards. You may discard one of these Contingency Cards for each 10 by which you won the conflict.
Non-Aggression Pact	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.290	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target 2 races with mutual tensions of 2 or less not in a state of Non-Aggression. If successful, there is a state of Non-Aggression between the two races, and Babylon 5 gains +1 influence. Factions of the two races cannot target each other with Military conflicts, and fleets of the two races cannot attack each other. The Non-Aggression state ends if either race's tension toward the other is at 4 or more.
Non-Aligned Support	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.291	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	There must be no Non-Aligned player and you must have a Destiny Mark to initiate this conflict. If successful, end the effect of any previous Non-Aligned Support conflict, and the League of Non-Aligned Worlds will vote as you dictate for any Babylon 5 vote if the result of the vote is a tie.
None Shall Pass	Anla'shok	rangers.71	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. Target a Ranger character. Reveal when the target supports or opposes a conflict. While this character remains unneutralized, no other characters can support or oppose that conflict and all attack restrictions on the target and the conflict are removed.
Not Alone	The Shadows	shadows.109	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	One of your non-Ambassador characters simultaneously makes 2 separate attacks against 2 legal targets. He inflicts and receives damage from both attacks simultaneously. Discard your character.
Not Dead Yet	Crusade	crusade.100	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Ready one of your characters who rotated to sponsor or promote a card this turn.  Or purge a Destiny, Conspiracy, Shadow, or Vorlon mark to discard one aftermath of your choice targeting a character you control.  After playing this event you may purge three Marks, except Doom or Strife Marks, to return it to your hand.
Not Meant to Be	Giants in the Playground	gitp.160	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Out of Turn. In reaction to an event card being played, negate the effects of that event card. You must apply influence equal to that applied by the event’s player, plus 2 per mark required to play the event.
Not Our Concern	The Great War	greatwar.227	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a faction with an unrest of 3 or more. For the rest of the turn that faction's characters and fleets may only participate in conflicts initiated by that faction and conflicts that target that faction (or cards in that faction).
Not So Clean Getaway	Apocrypha	apocrypha.32	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Reveal this card during the resolution of a conflict this character is opposing. The character takes 1 damage that cannot be ignored or reduced and they no longer oppose this conflict. Instead they oppose another conflict that has not yet been resolved using the appropriate ability if the character could participate in that conflict.
Not The One	Severed Dreams	dreams.87	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Apply 2 influence for each Zathras character you control. One at a time, in initiative order, each player may rotate a Zathras character he controls to rotate another character for no effect. Continue until all players pass consecutively (then resume theAction Round).
Not Without a Fight	Psi Corps	psicorps.118	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this agenda to add +5 opposition to a conflict initiated by another player that targets your faction or a card in your faction. (This does not cause the conflict to become contested.) Count +1 power for each 2 Lost Aftermaths in play that target another faction or a card in another faction.
Not in Vain	The Shadows	shadows.110	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character who was neutralized after supporting or opposing a conflict this turn.  Apply the character's full ability during resolution, as if he had not been damaged or neutralized.
Nova Dreadnoughts	Crusade	crusade.101	6	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	3	2x Strife	R	Multiple. If you are at war, as an action you may rotate a General you control and discard a card from your hand to return one of your neutralized Nova Dreadnoughts to your hand.
Now He's Ready	Severed Dreams	dreams.88	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Promote your target participant supporting character for free. If the target supports a lost conflict or opposes a won conflict, discard this aftermath (demote the character). As an action, you may apply the amount of influence that would be required to promote the target if he were still a supporting character to return this aftermath to your hand and keep the target in your Inner Circle.
Nowhere But Down	Psi Corps	psicorps.119	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Participant character's abilities cannot be increased, except through healing.
Nowhere to Hide	Crusade	crusade.102	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Limited. Your ambassador gains +2 to all his abilities and a Destiny Mark. Whenever a player's tension toward another race increases or attempts to increase because of a card he plays or controls, he must discard a card from his hand if possible.
Nozakk	Anla'shok	rangers.72	7	Character	Minbari	1	3	0	3	0	Strife	C	Ranger. When Nozakk rotates to attack a Non-Ranger character, you may immediately discard all non-Ranger enhancements attached to that character (before the attack is resolved).
Nuclear Bluff	Severed Dreams	dreams.89	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. Target a group. The first character you rotate to support this conflict must have Intrigue at least as high as half of the target's influence cost. If successful, rotate the group, and it cannot ready as long as the first character you rotated to support this conflict sustains his action. The target's effect text is blanked until it is ready. Also, if successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction.
Nug/Ulg	Wheel of Fire	wheel.82	8	Character	Non-Aligned	3	3	0	1	0		U	Pak'ma'ra Ambassador. Rotate to search your deck and take into your hand the first card you find with "Babylon 4" in its effect text. Each time you win a Babylon 4 conflict, you may give a Destiny Mark to a participant Inner Circle character you control who does not have any Destiny marks.
Null Field	Crusade	crusade.103	4	Event	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target up to 4 fleets you control. Those fleets cannot attack or be attacked this turn.  Or target a fleet with no leader that is opposing a conflict you initiated. It applies no opposition at resolution.
Number One	Severed Dreams	dreams.90	10	Character	Neutral	2	5	0	1	0	Strife	R	You may rotate Number One and apply 5 influence to apply support or opposition to a conflict in which Number One could participate as if she had actually participated. (This does not cause Number One to become a participant.) Number One does not ready during the next Ready Round when this effect is used.
Nurture Conspiracy	The Vorlons	vorlons.87	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Conspiracy marks. When you initiate a conflict from a conflict card you do not have to turn the conflict face up until it resolves. You must still meet all requirements and declare all targets, conflict type and all restrictions and other pertinent participation information when you initiate it. When you win a conflict supported by a character with a Conspiracy mark you may force each opponent to discard the top card of their deck.
Oath of Honor	Anla'shok	rangers.73	3	Event	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target Narn which has no bold-face text gains the bold-face text "Warrior" and a Strife mark.
Obey	Psi Corps	psicorps.120	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a teep with Psi of 5 or higher and target a character who is the target of a conflict. The target cannot participate further in that conflict.
Oblivious Collaborator	Balance of Power	balance.47	4	Character	Drakh	1	1	0	0	0		F	Multiple. Rotate this character as an action to move any number of Chaos Tokens from one target card you control to another target card you control.
Observation Post	The Shadows	shadows.111	7	Location	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	20		U	This location's Military opposes each conflict targeting this location.  Any player with 2 Vorlon Marks may sponsor this location at normal cost. The location does not join any player's faction, it is under the control of the Vorlons and, if conquered, is discarded.  All Vorlon Fleets in play gain a Strife Mark.
Observer Affects the Observed 	Apocrypha	apocrypha.107	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Media. Target a character you control that is participating in a conflict and target a character you do no control that is participating in the same conflict. The highest current ability of a character you control must be higher or equal to the highest current ability of the other character. Both characters no longer apply any support or opposition to the conflict and are no longer considered participants of the conflict.
Observers	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.293	5	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Multiple. Target another willing player when you play this group. Each aftermath played on the target faction must be approved or discarded by you. Any player may apply 5 influence when playing an aftermath to negate this effect for that aftermath.
Obsessed	The Telepath War	teepwar.102	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Target a non-ambassador character that participated in a conflict that you initiated and in which your ambassador also participated. While this aftermath is attached, and your ambassador is participating in a conflict, the target can only rotate to participate in the same conflict.
Obstacles to Victory	The Shadows	shadows.112	7	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	All power conferred by the target agenda is halved.
Ock	Balance of Power	balance.41	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	4	0	0	0		F	Brakiri. Corporate. While Ock is in play, you may sponsor “Dark Star” at -3 Influence. Ock may oppose any Legal conflict using his Intrigue regardless of participation restrictions.
Off Planet Accounts	Anla'shok	rangers.74	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Target your Corporate agenda. Reveal when a conflict targeting you initiated by another player wins and causes you to lose influence or power. Next turn, you may apply an additional amount of influence equal to your current influence rating.
Offer a Position	Severed Dreams	dreams.91	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a ready character you control and purge a number of Conspiracy Marks equal to one third (rounded up) of the target's influence cost to promote him to your Inner Circle for free. Reduce this number of marks by 1 if the target has Nightwatch in its game text. You may apply 5 influence when you play this event to have it return to your hand at the end of the turn.
Officer Exchange	The Great War	greatwar.228	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another faction with whom you have mutual tensions of 2 or less.  If successful, you gain +1 influence, and your two factions enter a state of Officer Exchange.  This state allows characters of your two factions, with permission, to lead the otherfaction's fleets.  This state ends if either faction's tension toward the other reaches 5.
Older but Wiser	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.294	0	Aftermath	Diplomacy Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Participant character gains +1 Diplomacy.
Ombuds Wellington	Balance of Power	balance.1	5	Character	Human	3	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Ombuds Wellington applies double Diplomacy during the resolution of a Legal conflict in which he is participating. 
Ombuds Zimmerman	Balance of Power	balance.0	4	Character	Human	2	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Rotate this character and target a character with at least one Lost Aftermath or Lost Participant Aftermath attached to it. Until the end of the turn, reduce the abilities of the targeted character by 1 for each Lost Aftermath and each Lost Participant Aftermath attached to the targeted character. This action cannot reduce the abilities of the targeted character below 1.
On All Fronts	The Great War	greatwar.229	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to initiate.  If successful, gain +1 influence and all other factions lose 1 influence.  The Shadows gain +1 influence for each 10 by which this conflict is successful.
On a Roll	A New Beginning	beginning.46	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated which has no participation restrictions (besides conflict type). Reveal when the conflict resolves. If you have won by 5 or more, reveal cards from the top of your Deck until you reveal a conflict card. Put that card into your hand, and shuffle all other revealed cards into your Deck.
Onslaught	Crusade	crusade.104	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Whenever you win a Military Conflict that targeted another player, rotate to search your deck for a fleet loyal to your race and put it in your hand. If you have at least 50 printed Military in ready fleets, you may rotate this agenda to initiate a Military Conflict. Other players' fleets which may only participate in conflicts targeting their controller may participate in this conflict. If you win this conflict by 20 or more, you win a Standard Victory this turn. If you lose this conflict, remove this agenda from the game.
Onteen Priest	The Telepath War	teepwar.141	5	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	1	0	0		F	Onteen. Religious.Rotate Onteen Priest as an action and discard 3 Babylon 4 aftermaths you control to gain +1 influence.
Open Aggression	Wheel of Fire	wheel.83	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	To initiate this conflict you must have tension of 3 or higher towards all other races in play and have at least 15 printed military in fleets. All fleets gain a Strife Mark while participating in this conflict. If successful, you gain +1 influence, all other players lose 1 influence, and this conflict returns to your hand.
Open Season	Psi Corps	psicorps.121	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	For the rest of the turn, any fleet whose race is at war with another race may attack fleets of that race.
Open the Doors	Balance of Power	balance.125	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage character and target a conflict. All factions can participate in target conflict regardless of restrictions.
Opportunism	Wheel of Fire	wheel.84	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. This conflict may be initiated during the Conflict Round or as your first action, but not at any other time. Diplomacy may be used in this conflict. This conflict must resolve last during the Resolution Round. If successful, all other players who gained Influence from conflicts this turn must transfer 1 Influence to you.  You cannot gain additional influence from this conflict by any means.
Opportunity Knocks	Crusade	crusade.105	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate a Corporate character you control to play this aftermath. The conflict's initiator must transfer 1 influence to the faction that provided the single most opposition. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Opportunity for Chaos	The Great War	greatwar.230	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Shadow marks to play. All players may initiate any number of conflicts on the next turn. Each player may only initiate one conflict from each source that is not a conflict card.
Oqmrritkz	Psi Corps	psicorps.122	8	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	10		C	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. When sponsoring a card, you may apply any amount of damage on Oqmrritkz, up to its current Military. For each 2 damage you apply, reduce the cost to sponsor that card by one.
Order Above All	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.295	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Vorlon Marks.   Count the Vorlon's influence minus the Shadow's influence as power.  You may transfer 1 influence per turn to the Vorlons.  Rotate and purge Vorlon Mark from your faction to cancel one war conflict or one conflict card. Any combination of players may apply influence equal to Vorlon influence to negate this effect.
Order Maintained	The Great War	greatwar.231	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to initiate. If successful, only Vorlon and Shadow fleets can participate in Military conflicts next turn.  The Vorlons gain +1 influence for each 10 by which this conflict succeeds.
Order Triumphant	The Vorlons	vorlons.88	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Requires 7 Vorlon marks. If the Shadow War is not in effect, you are eliminated from the game. Vorlon fleets can support your Military conflicts. When you win a War Conflict you may rotate this agenda to gain 1 influence and place a Victory token on it. If the Vorlon Ifnluence is higher than each player, the Babylon 5 Influence, the Shadow Influence and this agenda has at least 5 Victory tokens, the game ends immediately. The Vorlons have won and each player with at least one Vorlon Mark in their faction scores a Major Victory.
Order!	Anla'shok	rangers.75	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 5 Vorlon marks to play. Target a conflict. Unless a player purges 3 Shadow marks when this card is played, no more cards can participate in the target conflict.
Organelle Transfer	Crusade	crusade.106	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage. As an action, rotate the target and designate a neutralized supporting character you control. For the rest of this turn, the designated character may heal as if he was an Inner Circle character, and is not discarded during the Draw Round. Or, as an action, discard this card and designate an Inner Circle character you control. For the rest of this turn, the designated character heals as if he was your ambassador.
Organic Technology	Wheel of Fire	wheel.85	3	Enhancement	Drakh Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this enhancement and target a Drakh Fleet or Shadow Fleet you control to repair 2 points of damage from the target for every 5 points of base Military the target possesses.
Orin Zento	Anla'shok	rangers.76	7	Character	Human	4	1	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Orin Zento gets +2 to all abilities while participating in a conflict initiated by a Corporate card.
Ostracized	Psi Corps	psicorps.123	0	Aftermath	Military or Lost Int	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target faction's race must abstain from the next Babylon 5 vote.  Discard after that vote.
Our Last, Best Hope	Psi Corps	psicorps.124	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	When this card is sponsored, call a Babylon 5 vote. If it passes, Babylon 5 gains +2 influence and no player may count power based on Babylon 5's influence. If it fails, discard this enhancement and you lose 1 influence. Any player may rotate his ambassador as an action to call a Babylon 5 vote. If it passes, Babylon 5 loses 2 influence and this enhancement is discarded. If it fails, the player who called the vote loses 1 influence.
Out Fought	Anla'shok	rangers.77	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play only if you are winning a military conflict. Rotate a fleet to rotate target fleet that could participate in that conflict. Additionally, if you are winning that conflict by 5, you may inflict 1 damage to the target.
Out of My Sky	Crusade	crusade.107	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 10 influence during the conflict round (only) and target another player who has less than 10 influence. Diplomacy may be used in this conflict. Only you and the target may attack in this conflict. If successful, gain +1 influence, and if you have at least 60 support, the target is eliminated from the game.
Out of Phase	Apocrypha	apocrypha.93	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Target a participant character in a conflict. Reduce their support or opposition by 2. If the conflict is an Enigma or Babylon 4 conflict, ready the targeted character instead, and they can’t participate in that conflict until the end of the Resolution Round.
Out of the Loop	The Great War	greatwar.232	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any number of cards that were sponsored this turn. Apply 4 influence per target. Rotate the targets (for no effect).
Out on the Town	The Telepath War	teepwar.103	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	This conflict can only be initiated by a faction that has an Influence Rating of 7 or less. If successful, you may apply 3 additional influence next turn. If you win this conflict by 15 or more, you also gain +1 influence.
Out-led	Anla'shok	rangers.78	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play only if you are winning a Leadership conflict. Draw 2 cards. If you are winning that conflict by 5, you may draw an additional card.
Out-maneuvered	Anla'shok	rangers.79	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play only if you are winning a Diplomacy conflict. Rotate target character with Diplomacy. Additionally, if you are winning that conflict by 5 you may inflict 1 damage to the target.
Out-thought	Anla'shok	rangers.80	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play only if you are winning a Psi conflict. Apply 5 opposition to target conflict. If you are winning that conflict by more than 5, you may rotate target character with a highest ability that is less than the Psi of one of your ready teeps.
Out-witted	Anla'shok	rangers.81	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play only if you are winning an Intrigue conflict. Inflict 2 damage to target character participating in that conflict (or 3 damage if you are winning that conflict by 5).
Outfoxed	Wheel of Fire	wheel.86	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on an Assistant to your Ambassador who has a printed cost of 4 or higher. Reveal when another player gains influence, or increases his influence rating, because of a Contingency, Event, or non-racial Agenda to cancel the influence gain or influence rating increase. The character on whom this card was played gains your choice of a Destiny Mark, Conspiracy Mark, or Strife Mark.
Over the Brink	The Shadows	shadows.113	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply any amount of influence.  For each 4 Influence you apply, the Shadows and Vorlons gain +1 Influence, if the total influence gained will start the Shadow War.
Oversight Committee	Severed Dreams	dreams.93	8	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		U	All Senators gain +2 Diplomacy, +1 Intrigue, and +1 damage resistance while this group is in play.
Overwhelmed	Severed Dreams	dreams.94	0	Contingency	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when you initiate a conflict that targets another faction. Rotate one of the target faction's characters or fleets (of your choice) that could participate in the conflict. The target player may immediately negate this effect by rotating his Ambassador or Ambassador's Assistant.
Overwhelming Emotions	Psi Corps	psicorps.125	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participant teep. The target takes damage equal to the printed rating (in the ability used to participate) of all characters neutralized in the conflict, minus his current Psi ability. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Overworked	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.296	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an ambassador whose Ambassador's Assistant is not in play. The controller must apply 1 influence to ready his ambassador each ready round, or he does not ready. Discard this enhancement when the Ambassador's Assistant enters play.
Pain	Psi Corps	psicorps.126	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	For the rest of the turn, you may rotate any teep (who you control) as an action to rotate any target character (for no effect) whose highest ability is lower than the teep's Psi.
Pain Technician	The Telepath War	teepwar.136	8	Character	Centauri	0	3	0	0	0	Strife	F	Nightwatch. Rotate Pain Technician as an action to inflict 1 damage on a target participant in a conflict you initiated. Inflict an additional 1 damage for each Doom mark on the target. This can neutralize the target, but cannot inflict severe damage.
Pak'ma'ra Lurkers	The Great War	greatwar.233	7	Group	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		C	When a limited character is discarded, rotate Pak'ma'ra Lurkers and apply half the character's influence cost to remove that character from the game.
Pak'ma'ra Physiology	Apocrypha	apocrypha.114	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Reveal when the attached character is participating in a conflict and is attacked by another character. The controller of the attacking character must apply 1 influence or the attack causes no damage on either character. If the attached character is Pak’ma’ra, the controller of the attacking character must apply 2 influence instead. If the attack would cause the attacking character to become a participant in the conflict, they still become a participant.
Pak'ma'ra's Hump	Wheel of Fire	wheel.87	3	Enhancement	Non-Aligned Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Pak'ma'ra Character with no printed ability above 5. Rotate this enhancement to give the target +1 Diplomacy, Intrigue, and Leadership while this card remains rotated.  Or rotate this enhancement to allow the target, later this turn, to apply 1influence less than usual when sponsoring a card.
Palpable Tension	The Telepath War	teepwar.27	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Can be opposed using Intrigue.Target a character and choose a character you control with a current Psi equal or higher than the highest ability of the target. If successful, this card becomes an aftermath attached to the target that reads: “Attached character cannot partipate in conflicts where the chosen character is a participant, and vice versa.” If you win this conflict by 10 or more, the chosen character gains a Conspiracy mark.
Paparazzi	Severed Dreams	dreams.95	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Media. Target a Media character. The character gains +1 Intrigue and a Doom Mark. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn.
Paralyzing Injury	The Great War	greatwar.235	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a neutralized participating character.  All marks attached to the target character are suppressed (treated as if they had been purged).  Discard this aftermath when the character becomes unneutralized.
Pariah	Severed Dreams	dreams.96	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target non-ambassador character cannot participate in conflicts initiated by his controller.
Paris	The Telepath War	teepwar.122	5	Site	Human	0	2	0	0	0		F	Based on “Earth”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked. Any version of Bester can sponsor this site at normal cost.Rotate Paris to add a Culture Token. Each time you sponsor a Neutral character, remove all Culture Tokens from Paris. The cost for you to sponsor that character is reduced by the amount of removed Culture Tokens (to a minimum cost of 0).
Parlay Gains	The Great War	greatwar.236	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated which has no participation restrictions (besides conflict type). Reveal when the conflict resolves if you Won. This card becomes a character enhancement on a participant of your choice which provides +1 to all of that character's non-zero abilities.
Parliament of Dreams	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.297	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	If successful Babylon 5 gains +1 influence. For each 10 points by which this conflict succeeds characters and fleets cannot attack for 1 turn.
Part of the Entire	A New Beginning	beginning.19	1	Event	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target any number of Drakh characters with "Ambassador" (Boldface) or with at least one Chaos Token. Redistribute all Chaos Tokens between these characters. Add one additional Chaos Token to any character that has a Chaos Token after redistribution.
Partnership for Peace	Severed Dreams	dreams.97	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player, and designate a third player as your partner in this conflict. If successful, the target loses 1 influence, and you and your partner may each apply an additional amount of influence next turn equal to half of each other's influencerating as of the end of this turn.
Past Victories	The Shadows	shadows.115	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target character may discard this card to discard one enhancement or aftermath which lowers any of his abilities.
Paths Not Chosen	Balance of Power	balance.36	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character loses 2 Leadership for the rest of the turn. They lose an additional 1 Leadership for each Destiny Mark they have. This cannot reduce the target’s current Leadership below 1.
Patrol Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.237	6	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	3		U	This fleet gains +3 Military while opposing Military conflicts.
Pay Up	A New Beginning	beginning.23	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Draw up to 2 cards from your Crusade Pile or add one appropriate card from your discard pile to the bottom of your Crusade Pile.
Payday	A New Beginning	beginning.61	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Add up to 2 Credit Tokens to a target card. If this conflict succeeded by 5 or more, add up to 5 Credit Tokens instead. Discard this aftermath after play.
Paying for Sins	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.298	0	Aftermath	Lost Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participant Inner Circle character, besides the ambassador, who has a Doom mark.  Discard the target character. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Peace Accord	The Great War	greatwar.238	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Hold a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, reduce all tensions of all players by 1 (to a minimum of 1). If the vote fails, reduce Babylon 5's influence by 2.
Peace Dividend	The Great War	greatwar.239	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play as your first action on a conflict you initiated which has no participation restrictions (besides conflict type).  Reveal when the conflict resolves if there are no participants who attacked during the conflict.  Babylon 5 gains +2 influence.
Peace In Our Time	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.299	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Count every 3 points of Babylon 5 influence as 1 power. Target a race. You may apply 10 influence plus 1 per fleet of that race in play to lower that race's tension toward one other race by 1.
Peaceful Solutions	The Shadows	shadows.116	8	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		R	Any player who initiates a War conflict must apply 5 Influence unless his Influence rating is higher than Babylon 5's Influence.
Peaceful Unification	The Great War	greatwar.240	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		F	Your ambassador gains +3 Diplomacy while opposing conflicts targeting your faction. Neutral characters you control gain +1 to their highest ability. Count each race that has a tension toward you of 1 as 1 power, and each state of alliance you are in as 1 power.
Peacekeeping	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.300	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target two players at war. Add half of Babylon 5's influence as support to this conflict (round up).  If you succeed, the war ends and both participants lose 2 influence.  If you fail, you and Babylon 5 each lose 2 influence.
Penultimate Revenge	Severed Dreams	dreams.98	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a non-ambassador Limited character. You and the target's controller each choose one ability which may be used in this conflict. If successful, this card becomes an aftermath on the target that will remove him from the game if he becomes neutralized.
Perception of Guilt	The Telepath War	teepwar.64	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Play as your first action on target conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. When revealed, if the conflict fails, target the participant character that generated the highest opposition (initiator of conflict chooses if tied) and neutralize the targeted character. The owner of the neutralized character may choose to raise the Unrest level of the initiator of the conflict by 1.
Permanent Losses	The Great War	greatwar.241	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player's participant character.  Purge a mark of your choice from that character.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Permanent Wound	The Shadows	shadows.117	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participant character who suffered damage during the turn.  The character cannot heal 1 point of the damage he suffered, and always has 1 point of normal damage.
Perpetual Conflict	The Great War	greatwar.242	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to initiate.  If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement for you.  While at war, this enhancement allows you to initiate an additional war conflict on any turn you initiate a conflict from a conflict card.
Personal Crusade	Crusade	crusade.108	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a ready non-ambassador Inner Circle character who was sponsored. If the target is neutralized, return the target and this card to their owners' hands. If the target's controller wins a conflict, he may discard this enhancement from the target.
Personal Enemies	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.301	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target the ambassador. The controller must apply 1 influence to rotate this character.
Personal Growth	The Great War	greatwar.243	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant character you control who can be replaced.  Take one character from your deck who can replace the target character and place it in your hand.  Shuffle your deck. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Personal Insult	The Shadows	shadows.118	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Increase the tensions between your race and a target race by 1.
Personal Involvement	The Great War	deluxe.302	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Discard a neutralized participant Inner Circle character.  Cannot target an ambassador. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Personal Protection	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.303	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character you control and choose a character for him to protect.  If ready and not neutralized, target character takes damage in place of the protected character when the protected character is attacked during a Diplomacy conflict.
Personal Quest	Psi Corps	psicorps.127	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character who you control. Target gains +2 to a non-zero ability of your choice. Target may be attacked using Intrigue by any characters on the turn after this card is sponsored.
Personal Sacrifice	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.304	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your participant ambassador.   The amount of damage required to neutralize your ambassador drops by 2.  However, apply +2 Diplomacy when your ambassador supports a conflict (this is not an ability increase).
Pestilence, Famine, Death	Severed Dreams	dreams.99	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Go through your deck and take into your hand the first card you find with "Wife of Londo" in its game text. Or target a Wife of Londo. The target gains +1 to each of her non-zero abilities for each Destiny Mark attached to any version of Londo Mollari in play (for the rest of this turn).
Pharmacy Heist	The Telepath War	teepwar.105	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Cannot be initiated by a Drakh faction. Medical characters apply +2 opposition during Resolution. If succesful, heal up to 5 wounds from characters you control. If you win by 10 or more, you may also discard an aftermath attached to one of your characters. If you win by 15 or more, and you rotate a Medical character at Resolution, you also gain +1 influence.
Phobos	Balance of Power	balance.28	8	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	7		F	Moon. Legal. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location and apply influence equal to the printed influence cost of a Supporting Row character. Rotate target character. While this location remain rotated (sustainable), the targeted character cannot ready. The owner of the targeted character may initiate an additional Legal Diplomacy conflict each conflict round that if successful readies both this location and the targeted character.
Phroomis	Apocrypha	apocrypha.49	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character’s race. Centauri: The character’s effect text is blanked for the rest of the turn. Minbari or Human: Gain +2 to the second highest ability ( abilities, if tied) until end of turn. Narn or Non-Aligned: Discard one aftermath attached to the target.
Picket Duty	The Great War	greatwar.245	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal after the fleet is attacked during a conflict.  Your other fleets participating in the same conflict cannot be attacked.
Picket Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.305	3	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Picket Fleet (Human)	Psi Corps	deluxe.306	3	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple.  Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Picket Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.307	4	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Picket Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.308	2	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	2		F	Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you.
Pieces of the Puzzle	Crusade	crusade.109	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. Target one of your participants in the conflict.  As an action, you may discard 3 copies of this card from play to gain +1 influence.
Pinpoint Reality	Apocrypha	apocrypha.113	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your ambassador. Reveal when one of your characters is targeted by an Enigma or Legacy event. Negate that event.
Plague	The Great War	greatwar.246	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. Target one of the Non-Aligned species.  No player's ambassador species can be targeted.  If successful, remove all cards of that species from the game.  None can ever (re)enter play.
Plague Spreaders	Apocrypha	apocrypha.38	0	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	3	Strife	F	Crusade. Any Drakh player or any player with 5 Shadow Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. When participating in a conflict with "Plague" in the title, Plague Spreaders apply double Military at resolution.
Planet Defense Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.247	6	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	4		U	This fleet gains +5 Military while opposing conflicts which target a location.
Planet-wide Unrest	The Great War	greatwar.248	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a location.  If the location is loyal to a race other than your own, apply opposition to this conflict equal to your tension toward that race.  If successful, rotate the target location.  For each 5 by which this conflict succeeds, the location cannot ready for one turn.  Remove any tokens from the location which are not damage or severe damage tokens.
Planetary Defenses	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.309	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your locations.  If you are the target of a Military conflict, you may rotate the target location to add half its Military to a fleet that has already supported or opposed the conflict for the rest of the turn.
Planetary Survival	Apocrypha	apocrypha.40	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		F	Any player may be supported in this conflict. Every ability can be used in this conflict, but every player may only use each ability once when adding a new participant to the conflict. Whichever player generates the single most support gains +1 Influence. If the player generating the single most support has at least 10 more support than every other player, they gain +1 power.
Plans Revealed	The Great War	greatwar.249	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a hidden agenda.  If successful, guess the title of the agenda. Reveal the agenda, if it is still hidden.  If you guessed the title correctly, discard the agenda (even if it is a Major Agenda).
Plans Within Plans	The Vorlons	vorlons.89	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an opponents with whom you have a mutual tension of 2 or less. If this conflict succeeds, each player other than you must place two cards from their hand on top of their deck. If this conflicts succeeds by 5 or more, the targeted opponent must have either the initiator lose 1 influence or both the targeted opponent and the initiator gain 1 influence.
Plant False Evidence	Balance of Power	balance.70	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Nightwatch. Target another faction. If successful, each player may play up to one Lost aftermath on that faction. If you win this conflict by 10 or more, the target faction loses one influence.
Play for Keeps	The Great War	greatwar.250	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Target a conflict. All characters gain a Strife Mark while participating in the conflict.
Playing Both Sides	The Great War	greatwar.251	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	You cannot have any Shadow or Vorlon Marks when you sponsor this agenda.  Your ambassador gains both a Shadow and a Vorlon Mark.  These Marks cannot be purged.  You cannot gain any more marks of either type.  Count the lower of Shadow or Vorlon influence minus half the higher as power.  You may transfer 1 influence per turn to either the Shadows or Vorlons.
Point of No Return	Wheel of Fire	wheel.88	3	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Unique. May only be played if the influence rating of each player is 10 or higher. Cannot be targeted by events. Draw a card when you sponsor this Enhancement. As an action, any player may rotate his ambassador and call a Babylon 5 vote, which, if successful, discards this enhancement. While Point of No Return is in play, no player may build influence.
Pointing Fingers	The Great War	greatwar.252	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Change the target of a conflict that targets a faction to another faction of the same race that is a valid target of the conflict.
Political Bickering	The Telepath War	teepwar.46	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict. Target a character with a Senator, Minister, Member of the Kha’Ri or Grey Council Member boldface text. Characters with any of these boldface texts apply +2 support or +2 opposition at resolution. If successful, this card becomes an aftermath attached to the target. While this card is attached, the target loses the Senator, Minister, Member of the Kha’Ri or Grey Council Member boldface text. If you win by 15 or more, the target’s controller also transfers 1 influence to your faction. If unsuccessful, Babylon 5 gains +2 influence.
Political Firestorm	Psi Corps	psicorps.129	0	Aftermath	Lost Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	All of the target faction's characters who supported the conflict take 1 point of damage for each 5 by which the conflict failed. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Political Pull	The Shadows	shadows.119	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target your faction.  You may discard this aftermath when it is your turn to vote.  This will cancel a Babylon 5 vote, and all results of that vote.
Political Realignment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.310	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Increase or decrease one race's unrest by 1.
Popular Support	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.311	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character gains +2 Diplomacy for the turn.   In addition, he gains +1 Diplomacy for each Destiny Mark he has.
Popular Tariffs	The Great War	greatwar.253	3	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	All Free Trade states where either faction has a tension toward the other of 4 or more are suspended (they are not in effect).  Such states still end if the factions go to war.
Portents	The Shadows	shadows.120	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	For each seeress you rotate while playing this event, you may examine one player's hand.
Portrait of the Past	Crusade	crusade.110	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have no cards in your Crusade Pile to play this event. Choose the bold-face term specified in your "A Crusade..." enhancement (Corporate, Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy). Take all cards of that type from your discard pile, shuffle them, and place them under your "A Crusade..." enhancement as your new Crusade Pile.
Postal Service	Anla'shok	rangers.82	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Rotate and apply 2 influence to discard the top card of target player's deck. If the discarded card is Corporate the target may immediately apply 3 influence to take it into their hand. Whenever an opponent takes a card into their hand during the action round, ready this group.
Postal Worker	A New Beginning	beginning.62	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. You may rotate this character to move a Character enhancement attached to a character you control to another legal target you control.
Power Behind the Throne	Balance of Power	balance.66	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Bureau 13. Count each 2 Conspiracy Marks your characters have as 1 Power. Your ambassador gains a Conspiracy Mark. Each turn you may apply 1 influence during the Conflict Round to initiate an additional Bureau 13 Intrigue conflict targeting a character you control. If successful, the target permanently gains the Bureau 13 Boldface text. Rotate this agenda as an action to add +5 support to a Bureau 13 conflict.
Power Block	The Great War	greatwar.254	8	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your faction. Your Homeworld must be in play, but controlled by another player of your race. Discard Power Block if this is no longer true. Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this enhancement to gain +1 additional influence.
Power Brokers	The Great War	greatwar.255	5	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Any player may rotate this group and target a character. The target character may support or oppose any one conflict this turn using his highest ability, instead of the normal ability for that conflict. If you use this ability, lose 1 influence. Any other player who uses this ability must transfer 1 influence to your faction.
Power Play	The Great War	greatwar.256	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Target a character you control. Increase your unrest by any amount (up to your maximum unrest). The target character gains a number of Shadow Marks equal to the change in your unrest.
Power Politics	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.312	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Your ambassador gains +1 Diplomacy.  Apply 9 influence to initiate a Diplomacy Conflict. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player generates the most support gains +2 influence.
Power Posturing	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.313	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target character gains a bonus to his Diplomacy equal to half his Intrigue (excluding any bonus from Covert Allies), rounded up. This bonus is recalculated each determine initiative step.
Power Supreme	Wheel of Fire	wheel.89	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Other players may ignore your power when checking for victory. Each time you win a conflict that has no participation restrictions, place a Power Token on this card and a Chaos Token on each Drakh Ambassador you control. Count +1 power for each Power Token on this card. If you have at least 15 power and at least double that of each other player, you score a Major Victory this turn. As an action, discard any number of Chaos Tokens to remove an equal amount of damage or severe damage from any card you control.
Power in Consensus	The Great War	greatwar.257	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play as your first action on an opposable conflict you initiated.  Reveal when the conflict resolves if participants from three or more factions supported the conflict.  Gain +1 influence.
Power of Attorney	Balance of Power	balance.15	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Rotate the attached character and target an unneutralized character you control. The attached character performs an action mentioned in the game text of the targeted character for which the target needs to rotate as if the rotating character is the targeted character. If this action would check for an ability, the ability       of the rotating character is used.
Power of Darkness	Wheel of Fire	wheel.90	3	Event	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target Drakh Character you control gains Chaos tokens equal to his Shadow Marks plus one. Draw a card.
Praxis 9	Balance of Power	balance.138	4	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	10		F	Mercenary. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Praxis 9 as an action and target a conflict. Participants with at least 1 Conspiracy mark or Doom mark apply 1 additional support at resolution of the targeted conflict. Participants with at least one Destiny mark or Strife mark apply 1 additional opposition at resolution of the targeted conflict.
Prayer Circle	Balance of Power	balance.107	8	Group	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. All versions of G’Kar in play gain the Religious Boldface text. All your Religious characters gain +2 Diplomacy and +2 damage resistance. As an action, you may purge a Strife mark from any of your characters to permanently give that character the Religious Boldface text.
Precise Targeting	The Great War	greatwar.258	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Any severe damage inflicted by your fleets this turn is also applied to the leader of the neutralized fleet(s).
Precision Strike	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.314	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to play.  Target one player.  If successful, look at one player's hand and, for each 5 points by which this conflict succeeded, discard one card of your choice.
Predestination	Severed Dreams	dreams.101	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	You must have initiated an opposable Babylon 4 conflict this turn. Target a ready card that could support that conflict. Apply half of its (printed) cost to rotate the target and have it support that conflict. No aftermaths may be played on the target this turn.
Preeminence	The Shadows	shadows.121	7	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		R	May not be played until the Shadow War has begun. Target your agenda. It becomes a Major Agenda.  When you check for victory, if you have more Influence than the Shadows, more Influence than the Vorlons and more Influence than each other player, you win.
Prejudice Grows	The Shadows	shadows.122	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target player's unrest increases by +1 whenever he sponsors a non-Neutral character loyal to a race other than his own.
Premonition	The Great War	greatwar.259	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Must be sponsored by a Seeress or a Techno-Mage.  Play an event card face down under this enhancement as a contingency.  If another player plays a copy of the event, you may negate the event being played.  You may then play your copy (with your choice oflegal target) as if you had applied the same amount of influence, though you must meet all other requirements to play the event.  Discard Premonition when you negate an event.
Preserve the Mu'Tai	The Vorlons	vorlons.90	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		U	Mu'Tai. Your ambassador gains the Mu'Tai bold-face text. When this agenda enters play, if your Influence Rating is 9 or less, you gain 1 influence. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn for each Mu'Tai character in your Inner Circle. When you control more unneutralized Mu'Tai character than all other players combined, all opponents must discard the top card of their deck as an additional requirement to play any conflict card.
President Clark	The Vorlons	vorlons.91	0	Character	Human	6	7	0	2	0		R	Must replace William Morgan Clark, transferring all attached cards and marks, if he is your ambassador and "Presidential Coup" is in play, transferring all attached cards and marks. Presidential Coup now affects this character rather than William Morgan Clark. Lost aftermaths can be played on any conflict in which this character is participating, even if the conflict was won.
President Delenn	Anla'shok	rangers.83	0	Character	Minbari	12	5	0	5	0		R	ISA. Replace Entil'Zha Delenn while she is in the ISA transferring all attached cards and marks. While she is in an ISA faction, the last line of the Interstellar Alliance Aftermath is blanked. At the end of the Action Round, if President Delenn is unneutralized, you may add +5 support to any number of Diplomacy conflicts that were initiated by each ISA member.
President Robinson	Balance of Power	balance.96	11	Character	Human	8	3	0	0	0	2x Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Human President. Cannot enter play if a Human President is in play. Cannot become an Inner Circle character. If you are a Psi Corps faction, and you control this character, you may sponsor Human characters at normal ( instead of double ) influence cost. If you use this ability you cannot apply any other cost reduction.
President Sheridan	Wheel of Fire	wheel.91	0	Character	Human	9	4	0	5	0		R	Must either: replace Sheridan Reborn, or replace John Sheridan if he has 9 or more Destiny Marks.  Transfer all attached cards and marks.  President Sheridan may use all game text of the character he replaces as if he was that character.  President Sheridan may sponsor any Centauri, Minbari, Narn or Non-Aligned card at normal cost, unless his race is at war with that race.  May not be attacked by any character with Vorlon or Shadow marks.
Presidential Coup	The Shadows	shadows.123	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	William Morgan Clark must be in play and you must have 3 Shadow Marks.  Discard Luis Santiago if he is in play, and he cannot subsequently enter play. Clark becomes Earth Alliance President and gains +5 Diplomacy. Human unrest increases by +1. This enhancement cannot be discarded or have its effect text blanked.
Prey on the Weak	The Shadows	shadows.124	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any player may be supported in this conflict.  Whichever player (or players, if tied) generates the most support gains +1 Influence.  The player (or players, if tied) who generates the least support loses 1 influence.
Pride	Balance of Power	balance.8	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you do not control. Until the end of the turn, the targeted character cannot support or oppose conflicts. The character can however still become a participant by attacking.
Prime Minister Mollari	The Great War	greatwar.261	0	Character	Centauri	6	6	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Apply 14 influence to replace your Londo or Lord Mollari.  Transfer all marks, aftermaths and enhancements. Purge all your Shadow Marks. The Shadows lose 1 Influence and Mollari gains +1 Diplomacy for each mark purged. Remove from play all cards you control which provide or require Shadow marks, including any Major Agenda. Your faction cannot gain any Shadow Marks.
Prime Minister Refa	Severed Dreams	dreams.102	0	Character	Centauri	6	7	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Apply 15 influence, minus 1 for each Lord, Lady, or Minister you control, to replace Lord Refa if he is your ambassador, transferring all attached cards and marks. For each mark type transferred, Prime Minister Refa gains an additional mark of that type.Your cost to sponsor and promote Lords, Ladies, and Ministers is reduced by an amount equal to Prime Minister Refa's Destiny Marks.
Prince Dius Vintari	Balance of Power	balance.98	8	Character	Centauri	4	2	0	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Whenever any version of “Emperor Cartagia” is discarded from play, you may immediately either sponsor or promote Prince Dius Vintari for free.
Prison Break	The Telepath War	teepwar.72	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Choose one of your characters that is the target of a conflict you did not initiate. Target one of your sites. Rotate the targeted site and have it apply its current Intrigue as opposition to the conflict. This does not cause the site to become a participant. At resolution, if the conflict fails, the rotated site permanently gains +2 Intrigue.
Pro Zeta Corporation	Crusade	crusade.111	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Must be sponsored by a Corporate character. As an action, rotate this group, target any number of Corporate Characters you control who are not participating in a conflict, and apply 3 influence for each character to ready those characters.
Probes	Crusade	crusade.112	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. If successful, this conflict becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with a Probe Token on it for each point by which the conflict succeeded. As an action, rotate this enhancement and remove any number of Probe Tokens to provide +1 supportor opposition to a target conflict for each Probe Token removed. Discard this enhancement if it has no Probe Tokens.
Profit from Strife	The Vorlons	vorlons.92	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Corporate. Can be sponsored without rotating any Inner Circle character. Your ambassador gains +1 Intrigue and a Strife mark. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn for each faction that controls at least one Weapon. You may rotate this card as if it were an Inner Circle character loyal to any race when sponsoring a Weapon Enhancement.
Prohibited Area	Wheel of Fire	wheel.92	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Requires 3 or more ISA members, and you must be an ISA member.  Target a location. If successful, this card becomes an aftermath on the target which blanks all of its effect text and removes the location from the control of any faction. Any player may initiate a Military Conflict targeting the location which, if successful, discards this aftermath.
Project Lazarus	Balance of Power	balance.65	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable conflict you did not initiate. This conflict also initates an additional Intrigue conflict targeting a character in any discard pile. Only Bureau 13 characters can support this intrigue conflict, but they apply double support at resolution. If both this conflict and the Intrigue conflict succeed, apply opposition to the targeted conflict equal to double the printed ability of the targeted character. If the targeted conflict fails by 5 or more, you gain +1 influence.
Prolonged Talks	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.315	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target Diplomacy conflict in play does not resolve this turn. Instead, the totals applied during resolution are noted, and it is reinitiated next turn with the prior totals already applied. The initiator of the conflict may initiate an additionalconflict next turn. (Participants of the original conflict are not participants of the new conflict.)
Proof of Genocide	Wheel of Fire	wheel.93	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. Intrigue may be used in this conflict. Target a race. If successful, all races' tensions toward the target race increase by 2. If this would increase a race's tension above 5, then the target race declares war on that race. If successful, cancel all non-war states with the target race, and all neutralized characters loyal to the target race take 3 extra severe damage.
Propaganda	The Great War	greatwar.262	2	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your faction.  Select a race with whom you are at war.  Each time a fleet of your race attacks and neutralizes a fleet of the selected race, draw one card.  Discard this enhancement if the war ends.
Proper Decorum	The Telepath War	teepwar.117	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Count every two conflicts you initiated, that have become aftermaths in play, and that have a distinct name, and that are not Babylon 4 conflicts, as +1 Power.Rotate this agenda to provide +5 support to a conflict you initiated that cannot gain influence or power from its card text.
Prophecy	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.316	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny, Doom	F	Must be sponsored by a seeress.  Target character gains a Destiny Mark and a Doom mark.
Prophecy Attended	The Vorlons	vorlons.93	0	Conflict	Minbari Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Vorlon marks. When this conflict resolves, the Vorlon Influence is increased by 1. If this conflict succeeds, you gain 1 influence. If this conflict fails, you lose 1 influence.
Protect Civilian Shuttles	Apocrypha	apocrypha.118	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target a conflict you did not initiate and that could force you to lose influence if it succeeds. If successful, negate any influence loss you might incur from the resolution of the targeted conflict.
Protected	Crusade	crusade.113	0	Contingency		0	0	0	0	0		C	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage character or fleet. Reveal when the target is attacked to cancel the attack. The attacker remains rotated. Or reveal when the target, and only the target, is targeted by an event or aftermath to cancel that event or aftermath.
Protecting Your Race	The Great War	greatwar.263	4	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		F	Every time a faction loses control of a location loyal to its race, its unrest increases by +1. Every time a faction (re)conquers a location loyal to its race, its unrest is lowered by 1.
Protests	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.317	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target ambassador's race must have unrest of 4 or 5.  Target ambassador's highest ability drops to 0.  Discard this card if the race's unrest drops below 4.
Prototype Black Thunderbolts	A New Beginning	beginning.72	5	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	4		F	Psi Corps. Multiple. Can only participate in conflicts targeting you unless you are at war.
Prove Your Worth	The Shadows	shadows.125	1	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	While this card is in play, players may only gain Influence from conflicts. Any player may apply 5 influence as an action to maintain this card. If no player does so, discard this card at the end of the current turn. Any player may initiate a conflict with an ability of his choice, with 10 initial opposition. If the conflict succeeds, discard this enhancement.
Proxima III	Psi Corps	deluxe.318	4	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	10		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Your cost to promote any character to your Inner Circle is reduced by 2 (to a minimum cost of 0).
Psi Academy	Psi Corps	psicorps.131	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate this group and target a teep. That character gains +2 Psi while this group remains rotated.
Psi Arbitrators	Psi Corps	psicorps.132	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		P	You may immediately ready any character who rotates as a result of a Monitored Deal. Rotate this group to take the top Monitored Deal card from your discard pile and put it into your hand.
Psi Attack	Psi Corps	deluxe.319	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player's non-ambassador character. The first character you rotate to support this conflict must have a Psi rating of 5 or higher. If successful, the target character is rotated if ready. You may sustain with your initial character. If you do so, the target cannot ready while you sustain.
Psi Bodyguard	Psi Corps	deluxe.320	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you control with a Psi greater than 0.  The target character may use half his Psi skill, rounded up, as if it were Intrigue to oppose an Intrigue conflict targeting any of your characters.
Psi Cop Credentials	Balance of Power	balance.54	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Legal. Target a teep with a current Psi of 12 or more. They gain the Psi Cop Boldface text and a Conspiracy mark.
Psi Cop Liaison	A New Beginning	beginning.47	8	Character	Human	0	2	10	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Psi Cop. If your ambassador is a Teep, they gain +1 Psi and +1 damage resistance while Psi Cop Liaison is unneutralised.
Psi Corps Aide	Giants in the Playground	gitp.88	5	Character	Human	0	2	4	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Multiple.  You may discard Psi Corps Aide from your hand as an action to restore 1 influence. This is considered an Event action.
Psi Corps Charter	The Telepath War	teepwar.112	10	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. While you control this enhancement, if you are a Psi Corps faction, gain +1 Influence.Your cost to sponsor and promote Psi Cop characters is reduced by 2.
Psi Corps Convention	The Telepath War	teepwar.21	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Can only be played by a Psi Corps faction. Diplomacy can be used to oppose this conflict.If successful, reduce the Unrest level of your faction by 1. If you win by 15 or more, search your deck for a Psi Corps character and add it to your hand. If you win by 30 or more, also search your deck for a Psi Corps group and add it to your hand. If you succeed by 45 or more, also search your deck for a Psi Corps fleet and add it to your hand. If you searched your deck for any cards, shuffle your deck afterwards.
Psi Corps Doctor	Giants in the Playground	gitp.75	7	Character	Human	0	2	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Medical. Rotate this character as your first action in the round and apply 3 influence to play an additional Psi conflict that targets a single character.
Psi Corps Recruit	Balance of Power	balance.80	4	Character	Human	2	0	4	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Multiple. You may discard Psi Corps Recruit from play as an action to give your ambassador a Conspiracy mark.
Psi Glyphing	The Telepath War	teepwar.74	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a teep you control with a current Psi of at least 6 to either ready another teep, rotate a non-teep character with a highest current ability of 4, or to apply 4 opposition to a conflict you did not initiate.
Psi Interrogation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.322	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	If you do not support with at least one character with Psi above 0, this conflict fails.  Psi may be used as Intrigue in this conflict.  If successful, reveal all hidden agendas besides your own.
Psi Spies	Psi Corps	psicorps.136	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		P	Rotate this enhancement and one or more teeps you control to look at one face-down contingency card in play. The teeps you rotate for this action must have a total Psi higher than the highest current Psi and highest current Intrigue in the faction that controls the contingency.
Psi Suppressors	Psi Corps	psicorps.137	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character with Psi. If you win by an amount greater than the target's printed Psi, this card becomes an aftermath on the target. If the target participates in a conflict you initiate, you may discard this aftermath to reduce the target's Psi to1 for the rest of the turn.
Psi World	Severed Dreams	dreams.103	12	Event	Human	0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Requires 1 Conspiracy Mark. You may not play this event if there is a Psi Corps faction in the game. Replace your ambassador with Alfred Bester and your ambassador's assistant (if any) with a Psi Corps Ambassador's Assistant. These cards are taken from outside the game. You are now the Psi Corps faction. Your tensions, unrest, and states remain as they were before.
Psionic Pacification	The Shadows	shadows.126	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	For each 5 points by which this conflict succeeds, reduce your unrest by 1.  For each Psi character who sustains after supporting this conflict, your race's maximum unrest drops by 1 (from 5) while the character sustains.  No more than one character cansustain for each 5 by which this conflict succeeded.
Psionic Sabotage	Psi Corps	psicorps.138	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters may use half their Psi to oppose a target Military conflict.
Psychedelic Program	Wheel of Fire	wheel.94	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 3 Conspiracy marks. Target a non-ambassador character in another faction. If successful, this conflict becomes an aftermath on the target. When the target of this aftermath rotates to support or oppose a conflict, this aftermath's owner may immediately purge a Conspiracy Mark.  If he does so, he chooses whether the target supports or opposes that conflict.
Psychic Blunder	Psi Corps	psicorps.139	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target ready teep has his Psi lowered to 1. (Bonuses applied later this turn raise the ability from a new base of 1.) (This effect expires at the end of the turn.)
Psychic Camouflage	Apocrypha	apocrypha.36	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a ready teep you control with a current Psi of 5 or more. They support or oppose a conflict of your choice in which they could participate. Until the end of the resolution round, they cannot be attacked while participating in the conflict and can only be targeted by aftermaths that you allow.
Psychic Projection	Crusade	crusade.114	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a mundane.  For the rest of the turn you may, as an action, rotate a teep you control to put one point of damage on the target.
Psychic Testing	Apocrypha	apocrypha.102	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction. This conflict can be opposed using Intrigue. If this conflict succeeds, name a card type and discard the top card of the deck of targeted faction. If that card has the named card type, the targeted faction must transfer 1 influence to your faction. If you win this conflict with 20 or more, discard two cards instead and transfer 1 influence if at least one of the discarded cards has the named card type.
Psychic Trauma	Wheel of Fire	wheel.95	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a teep. Reveal when the teep opposes a conflict using his Psi.  Inflict an amount of damage equal to twice the number of teeps in your faction. You may distribute this damage however you wish, but only to characters who are supporting the conflictor who attacked a character that opposed the conflict.
Psychopath	Severed Dreams	dreams.104	7	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		C	Multiple. This character becomes loyal to your race when you sponsor him. While Psychopath is a Nightwatch character, he gains +2 Intrigue. While he is a Nightwatch character, you may rotate him and target a character that was neutralized this turn. Choose either for the target to receive 2 extra severe damage, or for the target's controller to apply an amount of influence equal to the target's printed cost (for no effect).
Public Apology	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.323	0	Aftermath	Lost Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	If the initiator of the conflict neutralized another player's fleet in an attack, his ambassador loses 2 Diplomacy, he loses 1 influence and his unrest grows by 1.  The player whose fleet was attacked gains 1 influence. (Discard this aftermath after play)
Public Outcry	The Shadows	shadows.127	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target player's unrest increases by +1.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Public Resentment	The Great War	greatwar.264	0	Aftermath	Lost Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target ambassador's controller must apply influence equal to his unrest (for no effect) at the beginning of each Action round or his unrest grows by 1.
Public Reveal	The Telepath War	teepwar.51	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Unique. Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable Diplomacy or Intrigue Conflict you did not initiate. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict has more support than opposition, and more support than the target conflict, the target conflict does not resolve. If the “Public Reveal” conflict succeeds by 30 or more, gain +1 influence.
Pull From Behind	Wheel of Fire	wheel.96	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	You may only initiate this conflict if you have 10 or more influence and have the single lowest influence and single lowest power in the game.  Only members of your race may participate in this conflict.  If you win, gain +1 power.
Pulling Strings	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.324	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	If target character does not have a Destiny Mark, discard this enhancement. As an action, the character's controller may rotate this enhancement and apply 2 influence to give the target character +2 Diplomacy for the rest of the turn.
Pundits	Psi Corps	psicorps.140	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	You must rotate at least one Media card to play this aftermath. Won Aftermaths may now be played on this conflict. Further Lost Aftermaths may not be played on this conflict. If you rotate four Media cards, the conflict is considered to have succeeded by10 for aftermath purposes. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Punished	The Vorlons	vorlons.94	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 3 Vorlon marks. Rotate a Vorlon character to neutralize a target character with no marks or a target character with at least one Doom mark whose highest ability is lower than the rotated character's highest ability. Increase the Vorlon Influence by 1.
Punitive Sanctions	Psi Corps	psicorps.141	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player with whom you have a tension of 3 or more. If successful, all fleets and locations controlled by the target take 1 damage, plus 1 additional damage for each State of Free Trade the target is in. If successful by 5 or more, the target loses 1 influence.
Puppeteer	The Shadows	shadows.128	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 7 Shadow Marks to play.  Target an opponent's Ready non-Ambassador character. Apply influence equal to the target's influence cost.  Rotate the character and cause the character to act as if he were your character.
Purge the Disloyal	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.325	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	If successful, reduce your unrest by 1 and force another player to discard one supporting character of your race.
Purple Files	The Great War	greatwar.265	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on a character with 4 or more Intrigue.  Reveal when the character receives enough damage to neutralize the character.  The damage is not applied.
Purple Space	Giants in the Playground	gitp.8	8	Location	First One	0	0	0	0	35		F	Enigma. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. You may sponsor this location at normal cost if your faction has 3 or more Destiny Marks. While this location is in play, all First One cards, Vorlon cards, and Shadow cards require 1 less mark of the appropriate type.
Pushed Past Your Limits	Balance of Power	balance.23	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Target a character you control that is participating in a conflict. Add an amount equal to their printed ability to their current ability with which they are participating. Discard this character at the end of the Resolution Round.
Pushed to War	The Great War	greatwar.266	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	If your tension toward another player is at 5, your two races enter a state of war. This tension requirement drops by 1 for each 2 Shadow marks he has if you have any Vorlon marks, or by 1 for each 2 Vorlon Marks he has if you have any Shadow Marks.
Pushing Limits	The Great War	greatwar.267	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a participant character.  Once per turn, the target character may, as an action, gain +2 to any ability for the rest of the turn.  At the end of each turn he does so, he suffers 2 points of damage.
Put on the Squeeze	The Great War	greatwar.268	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an aftermath, group, or enhancement in another faction  If successful, the owner must either discard the target or discard any 4 cards from his hand.
Pyrrhic Victory	Apocrypha	apocrypha.62	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Discard a Location that is loyal to your faction as an additional cost to play this aftermath. Target your ambassador. They gain a Doom mark. They also gain  +3 Diplomacy and +3 Leadership.
Quadrant 14	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.326	6	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	15		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Quadrant 14 as an action to add a construction token to this card. Each time you sponsor a fleet, remove all construction tokens from Quadrant 14. Each token removed reduces the cost for you to sponsor that fleet by 2 (to a minimum cost of 0).
Quadrant 37	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.327	10	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	10		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate and apply 10 influence. Search your deck from the top and find the first Narn fleet that could be sponsored (limited and not in play or multiple). Put it into play.Shuffle your deck. If the fleet is not neutralized by the end of the turn, place it back in your deck and reshuffle.
Quadrant 37 Perimeter Guard	Giants in the Playground	gitp.135	6	Character	Narn	1	0	0	3	0		F	While this character is ready, conflicts  that require either Vorlon or Shadow marks, and that target your faction or any card in your faction, require an additional mark of the appropriate type.
Quality Leadership	The Great War	greatwar.269	2	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your faction. You may play aftermaths which can normally only target an ambassador on any other character you control instead.
Quarantine	Crusade	crusade.115	5	Enhancement		0	0	0	0	0		U	Crusade. Only 3 copies of this card may be in play at any time. Target a supporting character or fleet with a printed cost. The target cannot attack or participate in conflicts while targeted by this card. As an action, the target's controller may apply13 influence minus the target's printed cost (if any) to move this card to any other legal target.
Quartermaster	Severed Dreams	dreams.105	3	Enhancement	Minbari Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Target a non-ambassador Warrior Caste character you control. The target gains the text Minbari Home Faction Ambassador's Assistant. The target cannot become your ambassador.
Question Authority	Severed Dreams	dreams.106	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a non-ambassador Inner Circle character. Only the target's highest base ability type can be used in this conflict (target's controller chooses an ability if there is a tie). If successful, demote the target.
Quick to Anger	Crusade	crusade.116	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Legacy. Whenever one of your Techno-mage characters or fleets is attacked, the attacker suffers an additional +2 damage during the attack and you may immediately rotate this enhancement and apply 5 influence to give the attacker a Doom Mark.
Rabble Rousers	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.328	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a race when you play this card.   Rotate this group to allow a character of your race to do extra damage in an attack against a member of the target race.   The extra damage is equal to your race's tension toward the target race.
Racial Command	The Great War	greatwar.270	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	For the rest of the turn, any player may 5 influence as an action and rotate any supporting character of their race to cause that character to support or oppose a conflict (as if they controlled the character).
Racial Cooperation	The Great War	greatwar.271	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your faction. All players of your race may apply influence to aid any other player of your race. For each 2 influence so applied, the selected player may apply 1 extra influence during the turn.
Racial Hatred	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.329	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target player must have an unrest of 4 or more.  Player must discard all characters he has in play who are not loyal to his ambassador's race, and may not sponsor any more.
Racial Ties	The Great War	greatwar.272	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a supporting character loyal to your race. Any player of the same race may apply 5 influence as an action to rotate the target character and cause him to act as if he were that player's character.
Radio for Help	Apocrypha	apocrypha.125	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a conflict in which your faction can participate. Discard the top card of your deck. Add support or opposition equal to the printed influence cost of the discarded card. If you apply an additional 3 influence when playing this event, you may discard two cards from your deck instead, and choose the printed influence cost of one of them.
Rag-Tag Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.273	6	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	3		F	Multiple. For each 2 Non-Aligned species in your Inner Circle, reduce your cost to sponsor this fleet by 1.
Ragesh III	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.330	6	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	5		F	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Ragesh III as an action to add a construction token to this card. Each time you sponsor a card, remove all construction tokens from Ragesh III. Each token removedreduces the cost for you to sponsor that card by 1 (to a minimum cost of 0).
Raid Shipping	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.331	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 5 loses 1 influence. Target one race toward whom you have a tension of at least 3. If successful, factions of the target race lose 1 influence. There is an additional Intrigue conflict. If you do not succeed at the Intrigue conflict, all players' tensions toward your race increase by 1.
Raider Battlewagon	A New Beginning	beginning.10	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	6		F	Corporate. Mercenary. Fundamental.
Raising the Stakes	The Shadows	shadows.129	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Destiny, Doom	R	You may only play this event as your first action during a turn. Target a conflict in play.  If the conflict is Won by 5 or more, the initiator's ambassador gains a Destiny Mark.  If it is Lost by 5 or more, the ambassador gains a Doom Mark.
Ralga	Giants in the Playground	gitp.55	6	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	7		F	Enigma. Cannot be sponsored if you control any Soul Hunter characters. When sponsoring this location you must purge a Doom mark as an additional cost. While this location is unneutralized, you may use your Doom marks as Conspiracy marks for mark requirements.
Rally the People	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.332	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires a Destiny Mark for you to initiate this conflict.   Each player may only play this conflict once per game.  Only characters of your race may participate in this conflict.   For each 15 points by which this conflict succeeds, gain +1 influence.
Rally to the Cause	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.333	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply any amount of influence.   Remove that amount of severe damage tokens from cards you control.
Ramde Haxtur	Apocrypha	apocrypha.55	7	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	0	4	0		F	Tak’Cha Ambassador. Ramde Haxtur gains +1 Intrigue for each Tak’Cha character in play.
Ramde Zarwin	Apocrypha	apocrypha.57	7	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	3	0	2x Strife	F	Tak’Cha. Enigma. Ranger. While Ramde Zarwin does not have an attached weapon, he may rotate as an action to sponsor a weapon enhancement targeting Ramde Zarwin for free.
Ramdela Cozon	Apocrypha	apocrypha.56	4	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0		F	Tak’Cha. Ambassador’s Assistant. If your faction ambassador is Pak’Cha, Ramdela Cozon can use her Intrigue while participating in Diplomacy conflicts. 
Ramming	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.334	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one of your fleets that was attacked and neutralized.   Purge a Destiny Mark.   The fleet that attacked your fleet takes damage equal to your neutralized fleet's base Military.
Rampage	The Shadows	shadows.130	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one of your participant characters or fleets that attacked this turn.  The target attacks any other participant in the same conflict.
Ranger Banner	Anla'shok	rangers.84	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Each time a Ranger character supports a conflict, that conflict gains +1 support. Each time a Babylon 5 or United fleet with a Ranger leader opposes a military conflict, that conflict gains +2 opposition.
Ranger Fighting Pike	Anla'shok	rangers.85	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Ranger. Weapon. Can't be used with any other Weapon enhancement. Target a Ranger character. Character gains a Strife mark. Character gains an additional Strife mark while participating in a Ranger conflict or during an attack against a Drakh character of a character with a Shadow mark.
Ranger Infiltrator	Anla'shok	rangers.86	7	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	2	0		C	Ranger. Multiple. When supporting or opposing a conflict using Leadership, this character adds his Intrigue at resolution.
Ranger Messenger	Balance of Power	balance.147	6	Character	Neutral	1	3	0	1	0		F	Ranger. Ranger Messenger gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue while you control a Ranger One character.
Ranger Operative	Anla'shok	rangers.87	7	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	3	0		C	Ranger. Multiple. When supporting or opposing a conflict using Intrigue, this character adds his Leadership at resolution.
Ranger Pin	Anla'shok	rangers.88	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Ranger. Target a participant Ranger character. Target gains +1 damage resistance and a Strife mark.
Ranger Sakai	Anla'shok	rangers.89	6	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	3	0		U	Ranger. Explorer. May replace Catherine Sakai. May act as your ambassador's assistant if your ambassador is any version of Jeffrey Sinclair. Rotate and apply 5 influence to search your deck for the first location you find. Reveal it to all players then put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Ranger Training	The Great War	greatwar.275	10	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one of your non-Homeworld locations. Apply 10 influence and target a ready non-Ranger character you control with no Shadow Marks. Rotate the character. The character gains a Vorlon Mark and "Ranger" is added to his effect text.
Rapid Aging	Severed Dreams	dreams.108	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. This aftermath can only be played as an aftermath to a Babylon 4 Conflict. Discard target participant neutralized non-ambassador character.
Rapid Growth	The Great War	greatwar.276	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Gain +1 influence if your influence is less than 10.
Rapid Recovery	The Shadows	shadows.132	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one non-neutralized character.  Heal as much damage as you wish, at a cost of 1 Influence per point of damage healed.
Rapture	The Vorlons	vorlons.95	0	Aftermath	Minbari Won	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	C	Target a character who supported the conflict and doesn't have a Vorlon mark. Target character gains a Vorlon mark. Discard this aftermath after play.
Rastenn	Anla'shok	rangers.90	5	Character	Minbari	1	1	0	0	0		C	Ranger. If Rastenn is attacked while he is supporting a conflict you may remove him from the conflict to cancel the attack (this does not ready either character).
Ratings Battle	Anla'shok	rangers.91	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Media. Rotate an inner circle Media character to play this conflict. Media characters may participate in this conflict using their highest ability. Target an opponent who controls fewer Media cards than you. If successful by 5 ore more, you gain 1 influence and you may return 1 Media character or group controlled by your target to its owner's hand.
Ratso	The Telepath War	teepwar.28	4	Character	Neutral	1	2	0	0	0		F	Discard Ratso from play at any time there is any version of Deuce in play.When you sponsor Ratso, search your deck for a “Short Term Investment” event card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Reap The Whirlwind	The Great War	greatwar.277	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players must apply influence equal to their Doom Marks at the end of the next Ready round. All players may apply additional influence equal to their Destiny Marks during the next turn.
Reaping Iniquity	The Great War	greatwar.278	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Discard any target non-ambassador character with 3 or more Doom Marks.
Rebirth Ceremony	The Great War	greatwar.279	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. All players may discard an aftermath of their choice that targets a card in their faction, or their faction as a whole. If no player discards an aftermath, this event is not considered to have been played for uniqueness purposes.
Rebuilding Effort	The Shadows	shadows.133	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player.  The cost for you to buy additional cards during the next draw round is reduced by 1 until you have as many cards in your hand as the target player.
Recalled	The Shadows	shadows.134	0	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Apply Influence equal to the target fleet's Military.  Place a number of tokens on the target fleet equal to the controller's unrest. Place the fleet to the side, outside any faction. Remove one token from the fleet each Ready round. Discard this card and return the fleet to the owner's control when there are no more tokens on it.
Recalled to Service	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.338	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Select a character in your discard pile.  Show that card to your opponents.  Put that character in your hand.
Record Returns	Crusade	crusade.117	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Corporate. You must rotate a Corporate Character to initiate this conflict. Cannot be initiated if any player is targeted by Record Returns. Only Corporate Characters may support this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with the following text: Each turn you may apply additional influence equal to half your influence rating (round up) as of the beginning of the turn.
Recorded Thoughts	Balance of Power	balance.67	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	You must rotate a teep or any version of Abbut to play this aftermath. Target an aftermath or enhancement attached to a participant in this conflict. This aftermath becomes a copy of the target card. Attach this copy to any participant you control without paying its influence cost. You must still meet all other requirements of the target card.
Recover and Regroup	The Shadows	shadows.135	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a neutralized character.  Purge a Destiny Mark from one of your characters.  The character becomes face-up and unneutralized but rotated with no damage. The character is no longer participating in any conflict.
Red Dust Cavern	The Telepath War	teepwar.132	5	Enhancement	Site	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Limited. If the attached site is Narn, the site gains +1 Intrigue.If any of your characters combined have received at least 3 damage this turn, rotate Red Dust Cavern as an action to place 1 Credit Token on the attached site.Rotate this enhancement as an action and target a damaged character. The target’s abilities are not reduced by the damage unless the amount of damage is enough to neutralize them.
Red Sector	Apocrypha	apocrypha.122	7	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. At the end of each turn in which a Corporate conflict succeeded by 5 or more, Babylon 5 gains +1 influence.
Red Tape	Crusade	crusade.118	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target player cannot draw any cards during the draw round this turn. You may return this card to your hand by applying 3 influence, rotating a Senator, or rotating a character with a Diplomacy of 7 or higher. Otherwise discard it after play.
Red Vorlon	Apocrypha	apocrypha.126	6	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	4	0	3	Strife	F	Enigma. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon marks. Can be sponsored at normal cost by a Vorlon character or at double cost by any character with at least 3 Vorlon marks. Can only be led by a Vorlon character. Cannot support a conflict unless the conflict requires Vorlon marks. If led by any version of Ulkesh, this fleet can oppose Intrigue conflicts using its Military.
Redeemed	Severed Dreams	dreams.109	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a character you control who has a Destiny Mark to purge a Conspiracy Mark from any character of your choice.
Redemption Fleet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.60	7	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	6	Strife	F	Tak’Cha. Crusade. Any player controlling at least one aftermath with "Babylon 4" in its effect text may sponsor this fleet at normal cost.
Reducing Risk	The Shadows	shadows.136	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Target a player and apply any amount of Influence. The target player must discard 1 event from his hand for each 3 Influence you apply. If the target cannot discard enough events, he must show you his hand.
Reeling from the Blows	The Shadows	shadows.137	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	If any player loses Influence from a conflict, that player's faction cannot perform a Build Influence action on the next turn.
Refractions of the Soul	Giants in the Playground	gitp.126	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Each player can only play this event once per game. As an additional cost to play this event, you must purge a Destiny mark or rotate a Soul Hunter character. Your ambassador gains a Doom mark. Search your deck for a character that pictures a Destiny mark and add it to your   hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Refuge	Crusade	crusade.119	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. Target your faction immediately after you win an Explorer conflict. As an action, rotate this aftermath and target an Explorer character you control. That character cannot be attacked this turn.
Refugees	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.339	0	Aftermath	Won Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play after a war conflict. Target player loses 1 influence and Babylon 5 gains 1 influence. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Refusal to Yield	The Shadows	shadows.138	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target your faction. Each turn you win a conflict initiated by a conflict card (including this turn) you may, if you choose, discard one of your non-Ambassador Inner Circle characters. If you do so, no player can check for victory that turn, and the Shadow War cannot start on the next turn.
Reign of Terror	Crusade	crusade.120	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. If successful, draw 2 cards and this card becomes an Aftermath targeting your faction with the following text: You cannot be the target of Expelled. Discard it if you are already targeted by it. Any player may initiate a Military Conflict targeting this Aftermath which, if successful, discards it.
Reject Idols	Apocrypha	apocrypha.63	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character participating in a conflict. Purge any number of Shadow or Vorlon marks from that character. The character gains a bonus to their abilities equal to double the number of marks the character has purged. 
Relaxation	Crusade	crusade.121	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Target another player.  During this turn's Draw Round, if that player spends influence to draw one or more additional cards, you draw 3 additional cards.
Relentless	The Vorlons	vorlons.96	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires the Shadow War to be in effect. Rotate a Vorlon fleet to play this conflict. Target an opponent who isn't Vorlon-tainted. If this conflicts succeeds, gain 1 influence and neutralize a fleet in the target's faction. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, gain 1 influence and return this card to your hand.
Religious Caste	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.340	5	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		U	Increase your unrest by 1 when sponsored.   All your worker and warrior caste Minbari are -1 to each ability.   All your religious caste Minbari gain +1 Diplomacy and +1 Leadership.
Religious Festival	Psi Corps	psicorps.142	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a (Non-Aligned) species. Rotate all members of that species for no effect.
Reluctant Allies	The Shadows	shadows.139	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	All neutral groups cost an additional amount of influence to sponsor equal to the sponsor's faction's number of Shadow and Vorlon Marks.
Reluctant Witnesses	Balance of Power	balance.112	2	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Mercenary. Rotate this group and target a Legal character. The targeted character gains +3 to their highest ability ( to all highest abilities if tied). Any player may rotate any number of Legal characters to apply an extra amount influence equal to double the amount of rotated characters to bid on this Mercenary.
Removed from Power	The Shadows	shadows.140	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target another player with an unrest of 3 or greater.  If successful, the target player must shuffle his hand back into his deck, then he must draw 4 cards.
Renegade Telepath	Wheel of Fire	wheel.97	8	Character	Neutral	2	0	5	0	0		U	Media. Rotate Renegade Telepath as an action to add his current Psi ability to the Psi of another teep you control.
Renowned Victory	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.341	0	Aftermath	Won Military	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	The initiator must have won the conflict by at least 5 strength and must have neutralized at least 5 Military strength of fleets with attacks.   Target ambassador gains +1 Diplomacy, +2 Leadership and a Destiny Mark.
Repairing the Past	Psi Corps	deluxe.342	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Discard one aftermath that targets a card in your faction, or that targets your faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Reparations	Psi Corps	psicorps.144	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another player who initiated a conflict that targeted your faction or a card in your faction. When the target gains 2 or more influence during the resolution round, you may discard this aftermath to cause him to immediately transfer 1 influence toyou.
Repeating Lasers	Crusade	crusade.122	12	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a fleet you control. You may target Excalibur or Victory at -12 cost. Cannot become a faction enhancement. If the target rotated to attack this turn, you may rotate this enhancement as an action to ready the fleet. It is no longer a conflict participant.
Repressed Memories	The Telepath War	teepwar.149	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Bureau 13. Medical. Target a character controlled by the conflict’s initiator. While this aftermath is attached, blank all non-Lost aftermaths attached to the attached character. Discard this aftermath from play when this character participates in a Psi conflict.
Reprisal	The Great War	greatwar.281	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a group that targeted or affected a participant in the conflict, or that applied support or opposition to the conflict.  Return the group to its owner's hand.  The group cannot be sponsored on the next turn. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Republic Guard	Balance of Power	balance.131	6	Character	Centauri	1	3	0	1	0	Strife	F	When a Centauri ambassador or a Centauri ambassador’s assistant is attacked, you may rotate this character to make him the target of the attack instead.
Rescue	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.343	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	The leader of a neutralized participant fleet is returned to an undamaged, but still rotated, condition. He gains a Doom mark. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Rescue Zathras'	Giants in the Playground	gitp.117	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Babylon 4 conflict. Zathras characters apply +2 Leadership during resolution. All participants gain a bonus to their Leadership equal to double the number of Destiny marks they have. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. You may discard this aftermath as an action to unneutralize and ready a neutralized character.
Research Station	The Great War	greatwar.282	4	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		U	The cost for the controller of the target location to sponsor enhancements is reduced by 1 for each Research Station in his faction (to a minimum cost of 0).
Reservations	The Great War	greatwar.283	7	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	At the end of the Ready round, any player that no longer has the ability to sponsor his agenda has that agenda blanked for the rest of the turn..
Reserve Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.344	5	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	6		U	You may only sponsor this fleet if you have a tension of 5 towards another race.
Reset Security Codes	The Telepath War	teepwar.87	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Until the end of the turn, characters lose all damage resistance and cannot gain damage resistance.
Resigned to His Fate	Psi Corps	psicorps.147	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate your Ambassador and target an Ambassador controlled by another player. Rotate the target for no effect. For each 5 additional influence that you apply when you play this event, both ambassadors remain rotated for an additional turn.
Resist Control	Severed Dreams	dreams.110	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	You may not initiate this conflict if you have any Vorlon Marks. Target a player with Vorlon Marks. If successful, he must transfer 1 influence to you and purge 1 Vorlon Mark.
Resist the Vorlons	Wheel of Fire	wheel.98	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	You may not initiate this conflict if you have any Vorlon Marks.  Target a player with Vorlon Marks. Any ability may be used in this conflict. If successful, the target must transfer 1 influence to you and purge 2 Vorlon Marks (or 1 Vorlon Mark if that is all he has), and this conflict returns to your hand. If unsuccessful, you lose 1 power and 1 influence, and the Vorlons gain 1 influence.
Resistance Fighter	Giants in the Playground	gitp.76	7	Character	Narn	1	0	0	1	0		F	Warrior. Resistance Fighter gains a bonus to his Intrigue equal to the highest tension your faction has towards a Centauri faction. If no Centauri faction is played, this is equal to your faction’s starting tension towards Centauri factions.
Restricted to Quarters	The Telepath War	teepwar.4	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-Ambassador participant character that supported the conflict. The attached character can only participate in conflicts initiated by its controller. Discard this aftermath if the attached character supported a successful conflict.
Resupply Network	The Great War	greatwar.284	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate Resupply Network to remove 2 damage from one fleet of your race.  Rotate Resupply Network and apply 3 influence to return a Support Fleet to your hand from your discard pile if you were not the target of a won war conflict last turn.
Retaliation Fleet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.82	12	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	18	Strife	F	Enigma. Any player with 5 or more Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect. By discarding "Sore Losers" from play as an additional cost, you may sponsor this fleet when the Shadow War is not in effect. This fleet has 4 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Vorlon enhancements. May only be led by Vorlon characters. This fleet must support a Military conflict requiring Vorlon Marks to initiate if any are in play. May not support any other conflict. While supporting "Vorlon Planet Killer", this fleet gains +5 Military.
Retlata Transport Fleet	A New Beginning	beginning.7	9	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	6		F	Corporate. Fundamental. This fleet ignores the first point of damage suffered in any attack. If you are the Corporate faction and you have tension towards another faction at 5, you may rotate this fleet to attack any fleet from that race. Fleets from that faction may attack this fleet in return.
Retribution	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.345	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target participant character takes 1 damage for each Inner Circle character you control who is not neutralized. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Retributive Strike	Crusade	crusade.123	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Apply 4 influence to allow your Techno-mage characters to participate in Military Conflicts this turn using any ability.  Or target a Techno-mage character you control and a fleet and apply any amount of influence. Both targets take 1 point of damage for each influence you applied.
Return to Ideals	The Great War	greatwar.285	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	If you have no agenda in play, rotate your ambassador and apply 10 influence to select an agenda from your discard pile and immediately sponsor it. If you have a Major Agenda in play, apply 10 influence and rotate your ambassador to select a Major Agendafrom your discard pile, and replace your current agenda.
Reunited	The Vorlons	vorlons.97	0	Conflict	Human Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, immediately sponsor for free a Human character that you could sponsor and draw a card for each unneutralized Human character with a Destiny mark that that supported this conflict. If this conflict fails, you cannot initiate any conflicts next turn.
Reveal the Unseen	Apocrypha	apocrypha.119	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	When you reveal this agenda as your hidden agenda, restore up to two influence. Each time you win a conflict that you initiated during the Action Phase using a conflict card, add an Unseen Token to this agenda. Count each Unseen Token as +1 Power.
Revenge	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.346	0	Agenda	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		F	All of your fleets gain +2 Military while attacking Centauri fleets.  Your tension towards the Centauri counts as power.  Gain +2 influence whenever you conquer a Centauri location.
Revenge is Sweet	Psi Corps	psicorps.148	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when this character is attacked and neutralized, and his attacker is not neutralized. Neutralize the attacker.
Reverse Advances	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.347	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Discard one aftermath that targets a card in another player's faction, or that targets his faction as a whole. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Reverse Engineering	The Shadows	shadows.141	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an enhancement.  This conflict has 10 automatic opposition.  If successful, this conflict becomes a copy of that enhancement affecting a legal target of your choice (designated during the Conflict Round).
Review Wrap Sheet	Balance of Power	balance.17	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a character that you do not control with a Legal aftermath attached to it. If this character is supporting or opposing a conflict, you may decide to change their participation to either support or opposition. If this character is ready and not supporting a conflict, you may rotate it to support or oppose any conflict the character can participate in.
Reward Obedience	The Vorlons	vorlons.98	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	C	Can be sponsored without rotating an Inner Circle character. Your ambassador gains a Vorlon mark. You can sponsor Vorlon-tainted cards at printed cost, ignoring all other cost modifications. Rotate this agenda as an action to sponsor a Vorlon-tainted card as if this agenda were an Inner Circle Vorlon character.
Right Makes Might	Severed Dreams	dreams.111	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 3 Destiny and/or Vorlon Marks. Target a conflict. For the rest of this turn, your characters inflict extra damage when attacking participant characters in the faction that initiated the target conflict. The extra damage is equal to the total number of Destiny and Vorlon Marks in your faction.
Rimush	Wheel of Fire	wheel.99	8	Character	Drakh	3	3	4	7	0	Shadow	R	Drakh Ambassador. Drakh Warleader. When sponsored, you may search through your deck and take one Drakh card of your choice into your hand. As an action, you may (permanently) reduce Rimush's printed Leadership by 1 to increase the Military of a fleethe is leading by +3 for the rest of this turn. If another player controls Rimush, you may discard this card from your hand as an action to search your deck and take a different Drakh Ambassador into your hand.
Rise of the Republic	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.348	0	Agenda	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		F	All your fleets gain +1 Military.  Your highest tension value counts as power.  Once per turn you may apply 15 Diplomacy to increase any of your tension values by 1.
Rise to Power	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.349	0	Aftermath	Won Military	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	F	Rotate your ambassador and one other character you control with at least 3 Intrigue.  Purge up to two Destiny marks from your ambassador. Gain 1 influence for each mark purged. Ambassador gains a Doom mark.
Rising Star	Severed Dreams	dreams.112	3	Enhancement	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Target a non-ambassador Lord, Lady, or Minister you control. The target gains the text Centauri Home Faction Ambassador's Assistant. The target cannot become your ambassador.
Rivalry	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.350	0	Aftermath	Diplomacy Participan	0	0	0	0	0		F	Choose two non-ambassador Inner Circle characters the target controls, at least one of whom must be a participant character.  The target must demote one of the two characters to a supporting character. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Roam the Stars	Wheel of Fire	wheel.100	9	Location		0	0	0	0	20		U	Multiple. May replace a Limited location that is the Homeworld of the race controlling it, transferring all attached cards. When played, this Location becomes the Homeworld of that race. Each time you win a conflict with no participation restrictions that was initiated by a conflict card and that did not provide you influence or power, you may rotate this location to search your discard pile for any agenda, character, fleet, or group, and take it into your hand.
Robert Bryson	Giants in the Playground	gitp.27	8	Character	Neutral	3	4	0	0	0	Doom	F	Corporate. While he has at least one Doom mark, treat Robert Bryson as a Soul Hunter. When participating in a Won Enigma conflict, during its resolution, you may purge a Doom mark from Robert Bryson to have him gain a Conspiracy mark.
Robert Conner	Crusade	crusade.124	4	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	2	0		C	Crusade. As an action, rotate Robert Conner to remove 2 points of damage from a fleet or location you control.
Roberts	Balance of Power	balance.75	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. When sponsored, Roberts becomes loyal to your faction. While you control Roberts and he has no Legal aftermath attached, you may attach a Legal aftermath to him that is being played on another character you control. The aftermath is blanked while attached to this character.
Robotic Sentinels	Apocrypha	apocrypha.72	6	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a location you control. The target location gains +5 Military and applies 5 damage to any fleet attacking it.
Rogue	Psi Corps	psicorps.149	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Neutral teep who you control. The target gains +2 Psi while opposing a conflict initiated by the Psi Corps faction. The target cannot become a Psi Corps character. The target's faction cannot sponsor Psi Cops.
Rogue Telepath	The Great War	greatwar.286	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	4	0	0		P	The Rogue Telepath ignores the first 3 points of damage when attacked.
Ronald Trishman	The Telepath War	teepwar.18	5	Character	Human	2	1	3	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Corporate.Each time you win a Psi conflict, place a Credit Token on Ronald Trishman.
Round Table	Wheel of Fire	wheel.101	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	ISA. You must be an ISA member to play this Event. Target two non-ambassador Inner Circle characters, one controlled by you and one controlled by another ISA member. If that other member agrees, exchange the characters (you each take the target controlled by the other player and place it in your Inner Circle).
Ruell	The Telepath War	teepwar.128	6	Character	Minbari	0	3	0	0	0		F	Worker Caste.If you are a Minbari faction, you may discard Ruell from your hand as an action to search your deck for a character that can replace any character in play and place it in your hand. This is considered an Event action.
Rule By the Masses	Wheel of Fire	wheel.102	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. You may sponsor this agenda without rotating an Inner Circle character. If the number of species ambassadors in your Inner Circle is not greater than Babylon 5 influence, you may rotate this card as an action to promote a species ambassador you control for free. As an action, you may rotate this Agenda and remove it from play to draw a number of cards equal to the number of species in your faction.
Run Diagnostics	Giants in the Playground	gitp.36	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target one of your ready fleets or locations. Rotate the target and apply any amount of additional influence. Repair an amount of damage on the target equal to double the amount of additionally applied influence.
Saber Rattling	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.352	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Military may be used to support or oppose this conflict. Target a player. If successful, you gain +1 influence and the target increases his tension toward all players who supported the conflict by 1.  If unsuccessful, the target gains +1 influence.
Sabotage	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.353	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a fleet controlled by another player. The fleet's Military during resolution is applied as opposition to this conflict. If successful, the fleet takes damage equal to the amount by which you succeeded.
Saboteurs	Psi Corps	psicorps.150	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Each player may only sponsor one copy of this Group. Rotate this group to apply opposition to a target conflict equal to three times the initiator's Unrest.
Sacred Omega Zealot	Giants in the Playground	gitp.149	5	Character	Drakh	0	3	0	0	0	Doom	F	Crusade. Counts as a Human character. Can be sponsored by a Human faction at normal cost. While attacking a Human character or a Crusade character, Sacred Omega Zealot’s Doom marks count as Strife marks.
Sacrifice Play	The Great War	greatwar.288	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant limited non-ambassador character leading a fleet. Double the target's Leadership for the rest of the turn. After the conflict resolves, neutralize the character, and the character suffers severe damage equal to his printed Leadership.
Safety in Numbers	The Great War	greatwar.289	0	Agenda	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		F	Participant characters in your faction who are attacked have damage resistance equal to half the number of Non-Aligned ambassadors in your Inner Circle, Count each 2 Non-Aligned ambassadors in your Inner Circle as 1 power.
Salvage Yard	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.354	10	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one of your locations. Whenever a fleet of your race is discarded, you may apply influence equal its cost to place it in its owner's hand instead of the discard pile, provided the Military rating printed on the card is less than 7.
Samuel Drake	Crusade	crusade.125	7	Character	Human	1	3	0	0	0		U	Any Drakh character may sponsor Samuel Drake at normal cost. Whenever an ISA member sponsors a fleet, place a Chaos Token on Samuel Drake, or 2 Chaos Tokens if it is a Babylon 5 Fleet. Samuel Drake may sponsor Babylon 5 fleets at -4 cost. Reduce this discount by one (to a minimum of zero) for each Chaos Token on Samuel Drake.
Sanctions	The Great War	deluxe.355	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Diplomacy to support or oppose a target Military conflict.
Sanctity of The Mind	Psi Corps	psicorps.151	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a Psi conflict. Any player may apply 1 influence as an action to allow an Inner Circle character he controls to oppose the target conflict, using any ability. Each player may use this event's effect repeatedly, for the rest of this turn (as long as he has sufficient influence).
Sanctuary	The Great War	greatwar.291	0	Aftermath	Won Military Partici	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play after a war conflict which targeted your faction.  Target your ambassador.  Place a number of sanctuary tokens on your ambassador equal to Babylon 5's influence.  Each point of damage your ambassador suffers removes one sanctuary token instead of damaging your ambassador.  Discard this aftermath once all tokens are removed.
Sanctum	The Vorlons	vorlons.99	6	Enhancement	Minbari Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Vorlon marks. You can sponsor Vorlon-tainted cards at printed cost, ignoring all other cost modifications. Rotate this enhancement as an action and apply 5 influence and demote a Minbari character to promote for free your Supporting Row Vorlon-tainted character with a lower Printed Influence Cost than the character you demoted.
Sandra Hiroshi	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.356	5	Character	Human	0	0	0	3	0		C	Events played by you that target Sandra Hiroshi are played at -3 influence cost (minimum cost 0).
Sara	Psi Corps	psicorps.152	6	Character	Neutral	1	0	4	0	0		C	When attacking, Sara inflicts 2 extra damage for each teep in your faction that was neutralized this turn. Sara suffers 1 additional point of severe damage when she is neutralized.
Sarah	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.357	7	Character	Human	0	5	0	0	0		U	Sarah cannot attack.   The cost for the Human player to sponsor Sarah is reduced by an amount equal to Human unrest.
Sareer	The Vorlons	vorlons.100	5	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	0	0		C	Religious Caste.
Satai in Waiting	Balance of Power	balance.102	6	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	2	0		F	Grey Council Member. Worker Caste. Cannot participate in any conflict unless another Minbari Grey Council Member has also participated that conflict.
Say What They Want	Psi Corps	psicorps.153	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters may use half their Psi to oppose a target Diplomacy conflict.
Scan to Identify	A New Beginning	beginning.77	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Look at all face-down contingencies attached to a target character.
Scapegoats	The Great War	greatwar.292	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any number of neutralized Inner Circle character characters you control. The characters are rotated, healed and unneutralized, but are demoted to the supporting cards row.
Schism	Wheel of Fire	wheel.103	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target any number of supporting characters controlled by another player. The number of targets cannot exceed their controller's current unrest minus his starting unrest. You may not target characters with attached cards or who have gained boldface text. Shuffle the targets back into their owner's deck.
Screened	The Great War	greatwar.293	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal when the fleet is attacked.  Any damage the fleet suffers is instead applied to another ready fleet you control.  The fleet damages its attacker normally.
Scry State Secrets	Giants in the Playground	gitp.110	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	When you initiate this conflict, choose any order of the following races: Centauri, Human, Minbari, and Narn. Diplomacy can be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, the next card that calls for a Babylon 5 vote becomes irrevocable. For each 15 strength with which you succeed this conflict, an additional race in the order you chose must abstain from the next Babylon 5 vote. For each 15 strength above 60 with which you win this conflict, an additional race in the chosen order must vote as you choose instead of abstaining. This cannot make unplayed factions cast a vote.
Search for Direction	The Shadows	shadows.142	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply any amount of influence.  Reveal that many cards from the top of your deck to all players.  Put any revealed agendas into your hand. Replace the rest of the cards, then shuffle your deck.
Search for a Home	Wheel of Fire	wheel.104	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be blanked or discarded. If you control no locations you conquered using Search for a Home, rotate this agenda, target a Homeworld in play, and remove Chaos Tokens from this agenda equal to the Homeworld's printed Military: you conquer the location, and may increase your influence rating to an amount equal to its printed Military. This increase to your influence rating is permanent, even if this agenda is replaced. If you control a Homeworld loyal to another race, and no other players control any locations, you score a Major Victory this turn.
Seat of Power	The Great War	greatwar.294	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-ambassador character you control and a location you control. The target character cannot lead fleets. You may apply opposition equal to the location's Military to any conflict that targets that character. If the location is captured or discarded, discard the character.
Sebastian	The Shadows	shadows.143	10	Character	Neutral	0	4	0	0	0	Vorlon	R	Unique. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor.  Rotate Sebastian to initiate an additional Diplomacy conflict targeting a character. The conflict has automatic support equal to that character's Destiny Marks. If successful, purge one of that character's Destiny Marks. If it fails, discard Sebastian and the character gains a Vorlon Mark.
Sech Durhan	Anla'shok	rangers.92	8	Character	Minbari	2	4	0	3	0	Strife	U	Ranger. Whenever Sech Durhan is attacked he applies his damage first. Each Ranger character bearing a Fighting Pike Weapon enhancement inflicts +1 damage during attacks.
Sech Turval	Anla'shok	rangers.93	8	Character	Minbari	4	3	0	2	0		U	Ranger. Damage done to Sech Turval does not reduce his abilities unless it is enough to neutralize him. Apply 3 influence and target a Ranger character. Until the end of the turn, the target may participate in Diplomacy conflicts using its highest ability (Controller's choice if tied).
Second Battle Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.358	10	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	9		F	
Second Battle Fleet (Human)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.359	10	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	9		F	
Second Battle Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.360	11	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	10		F	
Second Battle Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.361	10	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	9		F	
Second Squadron	The Great War	greatwar.295	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	While this enhancement is ready, the target gains +1 Military.  Rotate this squadron to apply 3 damage to a location targeted by the conflict in which the fleet this card enhances is participating.
Second United Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.296	0	Fleet	United	0	0	0	0	15		R	Any player with no Shadow or no Vorlon Marks may discard fleets he controls, loyal to at least two different races or species, with a combined Military of at least 15 to sponsor this fleet for free. Your Ambassador may use Diplomacy as Leadership while leading this fleet.
Secondary Control	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.362	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target yourself. You may sponsor groups of another race.  To do so, the sponsoring character must be of the group's race, and you must apply double the group's influence cost.
Secondary Experience	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.363	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character whose ability used in the conflict is not his highest ability.  Character gains +2 in the ability used in the conflict.
Secret Police	Psi Corps	deluxe.364	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Rotate this group and target a character who is not targeted by Secret Police. That character gains a bonus to his Intrigue equal to half his Psi, rounded up, while this group remains rotated.
Secret Strike	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.365	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	If you did not initiate a conflict this turn, rotate a character with Intrigue to do so immediately.
Secret Subversion	The Vorlons	vorlons.101	0	Aftermath	Drakh Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a conflict that you have won by 5 or more. Replace your non-Drakh participant character with a Drakh character from your hand or discard pile. Discard this aftermath after play.
Secret Vorlon Aid	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.366	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate a character with 2 Vorlon marks.  Apply +5 Intrigue to support or oppose an Intrigue conflict.
Secret and Arrogant	Wheel of Fire	wheel.105	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	When initiated, immediately rotate the ambassador of each ISA member for no effect. Each participant in this conflict controlled by an ISA member has all his abilities reduced by 2 while participating, including during the Action Round. If successful, each ISA member loses 2 influence. For every 15 you win by, the ISA ambassadors remain rotated for an extra turn.
Secrets of Success	Severed Dreams	dreams.113	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Irrevocable. Show the other players a Babylon 5 CCG card of yours from outside the game (even if there are already 3 or more copies in your deck).  Hold a player vote (each player still in the game votes once, even if they have no Babylon 5 vote). If thevote passes, take the card into your hand.
Secrets of the Order	The Vorlons	vorlons.102	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Legacy. Discard this agenda if it is in a Tainted faction. While ready, Techno-mage characters do not need to rotate to support conflicts in which they are not already participating. When you win a conflict, target participant Techno-mage character without a Conspiracy mark gains a Conspiracy mark. When you lose a conflict, target an unneutralized Techno-mage character that is supporting that conflict and neutralize it. If this agenda leaves play, neutralize all your Techno-mage characters and lose 1 Power.
Sector 14	The Vorlons	vorlons.103	8	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		R	Enigma. Ephemeral. When this location enters play each player may take up to one Enigma card and up to one Babylon 4 conflict card from their discard pile to their hand. Rotate this location as an action and apply 5 influence to target and discard a Babylon 4 conflict card from play.
Sector 503 Jump Gate	Balance of Power	balance.55	7	Location	Narn	0	0	0	0	8		F	Jump Gate. Corporate. Enigma. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. This location’s Military is increased by an amount equal to the number of Enigma locations in play. If this location is the target of a successful “Blow the Jump Gate” conflict, discard this location instead of blanking it. Rotate this location as an action to increase by 1 the number of marks needed to play any non-Drakh non-Ranger tainted cards until the end of the Action Round.
Sector 730	Apocrypha	apocrypha.120	8	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	5	Destiny	F	Tak’Cha. When you sponsor this location, your ambassador gains a Destiny mark. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. If one of your Non-Aligned fleets was neutralized this Action Round, rotate this location as an action to draw a card from your deck.
Sector 843	The Telepath War	teepwar.146	8	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		F	Enigma. This location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.Rotate as an action to target a non-neutralized rotated Neutral teep. Until the end of the turn, if the target becomes neutralized, remove all damage from the target and unneutralize it to have the target gain a Destiny mark.
Sector 90	Psi Corps	psicorps.155	4	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	5		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate and pay half the influence cost of a target group you control to ready the group.  Any ongoing effects of the group's previous action are canceled.
Secure the Home Front	The Great War	greatwar.297	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	While there is another faction of your race, your influence minus the highest influence of any other faction of your race counts as power. Unneutralized participants of your race gain +2 opposition while opposing conflicts initiated by another faction ofyour race.
Security Cams	Apocrypha	apocrypha.147	1	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a location you control. The attached location can be led by a character (as if it were a fleet) using their Intrigue.
Security Crackdown	The Great War	greatwar.298	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any number of weapon enhancements, and apply the influence cost of each enhancement. Discard those enhancements.
Security Detail	The Great War	greatwar.299	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Multiple.  Apply 6 influence and target a conflict.  All weapon enhancements on participant characters in the target conflict (including attacking characters) are blanked.
Security Fleet (Centauri)	The Great War	greatwar.300	8	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	6		F	May only be sponsored if there are at least two Centauri factions in the game. This fleet may support or oppose Intrigue conflicts (using its Military).
Security Fleet (Human)	The Great War	greatwar.301	7	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	5		F	May only be sponsored if there are at least two Human factions in the game. Rotate this fleet to cause any Human character to suffer 1 point of damage.
Security Fleet (Minbari)	The Great War	greatwar.302	7	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	6		F	May only be sponsored if there are at least two Minbari factions in the game. This fleet gains +2 Military if the Grey Council Fleet is in play.
Security Fleet (Narn)	The Great War	greatwar.303	7	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	5		F	May only be sponsored if there are at least two Narn factions in the game. This fleet may support or oppose Diplomacy conflicts (using its Military).
Security Fleet (Non-Aligned)	The Great War	greatwar.304	6	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	4		F	May only be sponsored if there are at least two Non-Aligned factions in the game. This fleet may attack any Non-Aligned fleet controlled by another player. Other Non-Aligned fleets may attack this fleet in return.
Security Force	Apocrypha	apocrypha.97	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Rotate this group to give a target character either +2 damage resistance or a Strife mark while this group remains rotated (sustainable).
Security Override	The Great War	greatwar.305	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an Intrigue conflict. All characters currently supporting or opposing (your choice) the conflict gain +1 Intrigue for the rest of the turn.
Security Training	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.367	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character you control and choose a character for him to protect.  If ready and non-neutralized, target character takes damage in place of the protected character when the protected character is attacked in an Intrigue conflict.
Seduction	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.368	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character.  Character's Intrigue is reduced for the rest of the turn by 1 per influence you apply (to a minimum of 1).
Seductive Arguments	The Great War	greatwar.306	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Sponsor or promote a character loyal to a race other than your own as if they were loyal to your own race (you do not have to apply double influence). You cannot apply any other cost reductions to this action.
Seeds of Anarchy	The Shadows	shadows.144	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Shadow Mark to initiate.  Any player may be supported in this conflict.  All players besides the single player with the highest total lose 2 Influence.
Seeds of Destruction	Wheel of Fire	wheel.106	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	Increase your influence rating by +1 whenever it is another player's action and he gains a Doom Mark and/or his Unrest attempts to increase. Rotate this agenda and target a player whose Unrest increased since your last action to increase his Unrest by 1.Or rotate this agenda and target a character with 5 or more combined Doom, Shadow, and Vorlon Marks to neutralize that character. When you replace this agenda, you may return it to your hand instead of removing it from the game.
Seeing Shadows	Psi Corps	psicorps.156	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a faction with Shadow Marks. Psi may be used in this conflict. If successful, Shadow influence is reduced by 1, and for every 5 points by which this conflict succeeded you may purge one Shadow Mark from a character of your choice in the target faction.
Seek Damages	Balance of Power	balance.31	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target another faction. Only Legal characters, characters you control, and characters controlled by the target faction can participate in this conflict. At resolution of this conflict, mutual tensions between your two factions increase by 1. If this conflict succeeds, you may apply 2 addtional influence next round, and the target faction must apply 2 influence for no effect. If you win by 10 or more, the targeted faction must transfer 1 influence to your faction instead.
Seeking Knowledge	Psi Corps	psicorps.157	7	Enhancement	Minbari Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate this card to initiate an additional Diplomacy conflict if you are not in a State of War. If successful, draw 1 card for each 10 points by which the conflict succeeds, then discard an equal number of cards.
Seizing Advantage	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.369	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Pay 5 influence (in addition to other conflict requirements) to play a conflict card from another player's discard pile (as if it were from your hand). Each time your faction neutralizes a character with an attack and the character is discarded that same turn, your neutralizing character gains a Doom Mark and your faction (permanently) gains +1 power.
Self Doubt	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.370	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a supporting character.  Rotate the character for no effect.
Self-Medication 	Giants in the Playground	gitp.85	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Medical. Target a neutralized participant with less than 3 severe damage tokens. Unneutralize the target. While this aftermath is attached, the targeted character has all non-zero abilities lowered by 2, to a minimum of 1. Rotate another Medical character you control as an action to discard this aftermath.
Senate Bill 22991	The Telepath War	teepwar.24	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. This conflict can be opposed using Psi.If successul, this card becomes a Global enhancement that reads: “All Corporate teeps can be sponsored at -1 influence cost. Teeps that are not Corporate have their influence cost to be sponsored increased by 1.”If you win this conflict by 5 or more, reduce the tension of any Human faction to yours by 1. If you win by 10 or more, also gain +1 power.
Senator Donaldson	The Telepath War	teepwar.25	9	Character	Human	3	5	0	0	0		F	Senator. Psi Corps. Corporate. This card may be sponsored as if it were not a Psi Corps character. When you sponsor Senator Donaldson, he gains a Credit Token.When Senator Donaldson is in your Inner Circle and he promotes a teep character, you may discard any number of Credit Tokens from any of your cards to reduce the cost by an amount equal to half the discarded Credit Tokens.
Senator Quantrell	The Vorlons	vorlons.104	9	Character	Human	4	4	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Senator. Media. Psi Corps. When this character is sponsored, Babylon 5 Influence is decreased by 1.
Senator Young	The Shadows	shadows.145	10	Character	Human	4	4	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Senator. If anyone plays an event targeting your faction which requires Shadow Marks , you may purge a Shadow Mark from Senator Young to negate the event.
Sending a Message	Balance of Power	balance.110	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a conflict. It gains +3 opposition. If this conflict is a Legal conflict, it gains +6 opposition instead. You may rotate a Mercenary character you control ( after bidding ) to have it apply opposition with its highest ability. That character does not become a participant to the conflict.
Sensationalist Anchor	Balance of Power	balance.93	6	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		F	Media. Rotate this character as an action to allow all factions to support a target conflict as if it were a Legal conflict until the end of the turn.
Seraphim Dreadnought	Giants in the Playground	gitp.21	7	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	5		F	Enigma. Harbinger. Fundamental. Multiple. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 3 or more Doom Marks. This fleet can only be led by Harbinger characters. When an amount of damage is inflicted on this fleet that doesn’t at least equal its current Military, no damage is inflicted on it.
Seraphim Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.20	20	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	14	Strife	F	Enigma. Harbinger. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 5 or more Doom Marks. The cost to sponsor this fleet is reduced by the number of Doom marks in your faction. This fleet can only be led by Harbinger characters. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a First One participant, a Shadow-tainted participant, or a Vorlon-tainted participant.
Serendipity	Crusade	crusade.126	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. Target a non-ambassador character in another faction. If successful, draw 2 cards, and the target is neutralized and receives additional severe damage equal to his controller's Unrest. Also, if successful, you may remove from the game an undamaged Inner Circle character you control to gain +1 influence.
Servant of the Masters	A New Beginning	beginning.18	6	Character	Drakh	2	2	1	0	0	Shadow	F	Multiple. When sponsored, you may add one Chaos Token to this character. Rotate this character and purge up to three Chaos Tokens from it to reduce the cost of the next Shadow card or card requiring Shadow marks by the number of Chaos Tokens purged.
Servants of Order	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.372	0	Agenda	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Your ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark. Purge a Vorlon Mark to go through your deck until you find the first card requiring or picturing Vorlon Marks. Place that card in your hand, then shuffle your deck. Count each 2 Vorlon Marks you have as 1 power.
Service	The Vorlons	vorlons.105	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate or ready a target Minbari character.
Severed Ties	The Great War	greatwar.307	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to initiate.  Target any two factions.  For each 5 by which this conflict succeeds, you may end one non-war state in effect between the two factions.
Sh'Sak	Psi Corps	psicorps.158	7	Character	Narn	1	1	0	3	0		R	At the end of the resolution round, if you played an aftermath that was not discarded after play, you may search through your deck and take into your hand one copy of that aftermath. Reshuffle your deck afterwards.
Shadow Aid	The Shadows	shadows.146	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement.  The enhancement allows you to purge 2 Shadow Marks to add Military equal to half the Shadow's Influence to one fleet that is supporting a war conflict targeting a location.
Shadow Assault	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.373	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires three Shadow Marks to play. Target a location controlled by a player of another race. Shadows support the conflict with strength equal to Shadow influence. If successful, you may discard the location, or you may rotate one fleet to start a waragainst the location's owner and you capture the location.
Shadow Attack Wing	Giants in the Playground	gitp.10	11	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	12	Strife	F	Enigma. Any player with 8 or more Shadow Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect. This fleet has 2 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements. May only be led by Shadow characters. Whenever you play an “Shadow Strike” event and the event successfully neutralizes a fleet, you may ready Shadow Attack Wing. Rotate this fleet as an action an apply 2 influence to search your deck for a “Shadow Strike” event card and place it in your hand.
Shadow Base	The Great War	greatwar.308	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	U	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to sponsor.  Target one of your locations.  The target location gains a Shadow Mark (which applies to your faction total) and gains +10 Military.
Shadow Cloud	The Great War	greatwar.309	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited.  Irrevocable.  Requires 1 Shadow Mark to initiate, and the Shadow War must be in effect.  Each turn, the Shadow Cloud targets the location with the lowest Military in the faction with the most Vorlon Marks, or (if none), in any faction with no Shadow Marks.  This conflict has automatic support equal to 75 plus Shadow influence.  If successful, remove the target location from the game, and this conflict is automatically reinitiated next turn (as an additional conflict).  If unsuccessful, the Shadows lose one quarter of their influence.
Shadow Contact	The Shadows	shadows.147	7	Character	Neutral	0	4	0	0	0	Shadow	P	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play. Any card requiring Vorlon Marks requires 1 additional mark to play while Shadow Contact is ready. If a card requiring Vorlon Mark's is played, rotate Shadow Contact.
Shadow Excavation	Giants in the Playground	gitp.50	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	F	Requires 2 Shadow marks. Rotate a Shadow fleet you control and reveal the top cards of your Crusade Pile until you reveal a Shadow fleet card. Take that Shadow fleet card into your hand and shuffle your Crusade Pile. If you cannot take a Shadow fleet into your hand after revealing your entire Crusade Pile, your ambassador gains a Shadow mark.
Shadow Fighters	Apocrypha	apocrypha.34	6	Enhancement	Shadow Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Squadron. If you have 6 Shadow marks, you may sponsor Shadow Fighters on any fleet you control as if they were Shadow fleets. Cannot become a faction enhancement unless you have 10 Shadow marks. The attached fleet gains +2 Military and ignores the first point of damage suffered in any attack.
Shadow Hivemind	Apocrypha	apocrypha.35	10	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow, Conspiracy	F	Unique. Bureau 13. Requires 1 Shadow mark. A Psi Corps faction can sponsor this enhancement at -4 influence cost. Your ambassador gains a Conspiracy mark and a Shadow mark. As an action, you may purge a Conspiracy mark to reveal cards from the top of your deck until you reveal a Bureau 13 card or a Psi conflict that doesn’t allow you to gain influence. Put that card into your hand, and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Shadow Hybrid	Giants in the Playground	gitp.38	5	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	3		F	Crusade. Enigma. Any player may sponsor this fleet if they have at least 3 Shadow Marks for normal cost. This fleet has 1 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements. As an action, you may purge a Shadow mark. It becomes an enhancement on a fleet loyal to your faction. While it is an enhancement, it reads: “Untouchable. Attached fleet is considered a Shadow Fleet. It gains +3 Military and +1 damage resistance.”
Shadow Implants	The Great War	greatwar.310	0	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to sponsor.  Target a character you control.  The target character is now loyal to the Shadows.  The target character gains a Shadow Mark.  If the target character has Psi above 0, any Shadow fleet he leads is immune to effects generated by Psi abilities, and opposing fleets gain no benefit during attacks from Psi.
Shadow Knight	Balance of Power	balance.86	11	Character	Human	1	4	10	0	0	Shadow, Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Psi Cop. Requires 3 Conspiracy marks to sponsor or replace. May replace Stevens, transferring all attached cards and marks. Reduce the cost to promote Shadow Knight to the Inner Circle by the number of Conspiracy marks on your ambassador. While Shadow Knight is in your Inner Circle, you can use Conspiracy marks attached to him as if they were Shadow marks for the purposes of sponsoring cards or playing events.
Shadow Madness	The Telepath War	teepwar.82	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 3 Shadow marks. You must purge a Shadow mark as an additional cost to play this event. Target a teep that is participating in a conflict using their Psi. The targeted teep does not apply support or opposition at resolution of the conflict.
Shadow Medallion	The Shadows	shadows.148	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play.  Reduce your cost to play any card which requires Shadow Marks by 1. You may discard this enhancement to go through your deck and select a card which requires Shadow Marks.  Place that card in your hand then shuffle yourdeck.
Shadow Menhirs	Apocrypha	apocrypha.77	4	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	F	Enigma. Requires 3 Shadow Marks. Each time a group is discarded from play during the action round, your ambassador gains a Shadow mark.
Shadow Outpost	Apocrypha	apocrypha.87	7	Location	Shadow	0	0	0	0	10		F	Any player may sponsor this location if they have at least 5 Shadow Marks for normal cost. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate Shadow Outpost to repair up to 3 damage tokens from a Shadow-tainted fleet in any combination of normal and severe damage tokens. If this would remove all severe damage tokens from that fleet, flip  over the neutralized fleet.    
Shadow Passkey	The Telepath War	teepwar.104	7	Enhancement	Site	0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 1 Shadow mark. Can only be attached to a non-Vorlon-tainted site you do not control.As an action you may rotate Shadow Passkey for any action as if it had the text of the attached site.
Shadow Representative	Apocrypha	apocrypha.90	7	Character	Shadow	2	7	0	5	0	3x Shadow	F	Ephemeral. Untouchable. Any Drakh faction or any faction with at least 6 Shadow marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. May only participate in conflicts which already have a tainted participant.  This character takes no damage when attacked by non-Vorlon characters. Rotate this character to prevent the purge or transfer of a Shadow mark from your faction that is caused by another player.
Shadow Retribution	The Shadows	shadows.149	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Play on a conflict supported by a character with a Vorlon Mark.  The Vorlons lose 2 Influence.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Shadow Rush	Apocrypha	apocrypha.148	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 3 Shadow marks. Target a group without any attached cards. You must purge a Shadow mark and apply any amount of influence. For each three influence you applied, add a Disruption Token to the targeted group. While the group has any Disruption tokens, blank the game text of the group. At the end of each Resolution Round, you must discard one Disruption Token if able.
Shadow Scouts	The Great War	greatwar.311	7	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	6		U	Any player may sponsor this fleet if they have at least 3 Shadow Marks for normal cost.  This fleet has 1 damage resistance.  May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements.  May only be led by Shadow characters.  All Shadow Fleets gain +1 Military while Shadow Scouts is ready.
Shadow Ship	The Shadows	shadows.150	8	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	5		U	Multiple. Any player with 3 Shadow Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if a Z'ha'dum location is in play. This fleet cannot be led or targeted by a non-Shadow enhancement.  This fleet ignores the first 2 points of damage suffered in any attack. Rotate to add this fleet's Military to any other Shadow Fleet in play. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is aiding is neutralized.
Shadow Strike	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.374	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play. Target a fleet. Apply an amount of influence equal to the target fleet's current Military. If target fleet's current Military is not greater than current Shadow Influence, neutralize it.
Shadow Strike Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.312	10	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	20	Strife	R	Any player with 4 or more Shadow Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect.  This fleet has 3 damage resistance.  May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements.  May only be led by Shadow characters.  You may only rotate this fleet to support a Military conflict requiring Shadow Marks, to attack, or to repair.
Shadow Symbiont	The Great War	greatwar.313	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a supporting character who has no Vorlon Marks.  Apply opposition to this conflict equal to four times the number of Vorlon Marks in the target's faction.  If successful, this card becomes an enhancement on the target character which allows any player to purge a Shadow Mark (as an action) to take control of the character for the rest of the turn.
Shadow Tech Infestation	Giants in the Playground	gitp.148	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a Shadow-tainted character. You must reveal this contingency during the resolution of the next conflict that could increase the Babylon 5 influence. The conflict gains an amount of opposition equal to double the number of Shadow marks on the attached character.
Shadow Tech Upgrade	The Great War	greatwar.314	0	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a fleet you control.  The Shadows must have more influence than the fleet has Military.  Purge a Shadow Mark.  Apply influence equal to twice the fleet's influence cost.  The fleet gains Military equal to its printed Military and one point of damage resistance.
Shadow War Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.315	13	Fleet	Shadow	0	0	0	0	25	2x Strife	R	Any player with 6 or more Shadow marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect. This fleet has 4 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Shadow enhancements. May only be led by Shadow characters. You may only rotate this fleet to support a Military conflict requiring Shadow marks, to attack, or to repair.
Shadow of a Morden	Giants in the Playground	gitp.67	11	Character	Shadow	3	7	0	2	0	Shadow	F	Must replace any version of Morden, transferring all marks and attached cards. When this character enters play, purge all Doom marks attached to him, For each Doom mark purged, he gains a Shadow mark. Shadow of a Morden cannot be attacked. Each turn, you may spend an additional amount of influence equal to the number of Shadow Marks you have. This influence can only be spent to bring into play Drakh cards and cards which require or picture Shadow marks.
Shadow of a Shadow	Wheel of Fire	wheel.107	10	Enhancement	Drakh Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Remove 10 Chaos Tokens from this card to play a conflict or sponsor/replace a card, except an enhancement, that requires the Shadow War to be in effect.  You must meet and pay all other requirements and costs for the card. Once you use Shadow of a Shadowto play a card, you cannot use it to play that same card again.
Shadows Fall	The Great War	greatwar.316	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Purge a Shadow Mark. Target any character. That character must purge a Vorlon mark. The Shadows gain +1 influence.
Shadows of the Past	Apocrypha	apocrypha.64	6	Character	Shadow	0	4	0	3	0	2x Shadow	F	Enigma. Requires 4 Shadow marks. When participating in a Babylon 4 conflict or an Enigma conflict, this character applies +4 Intrigue at resolution.
Shadowwatch	The Great War	greatwar.317	4	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Must be sponsored by a Ranger character.  Whenever a character would gain a Shadow Mark, his controller must apply 3 influence or purge that mark.  Any Ranger character may, as an action, rotate to support this enhancement.  If no Ranger supports it during the turn, discard this enhancement at the end of the action round.
Shady Dealings	Crusade	crusade.127	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Reveal when the conflict directly causes another player to lose influence or to discard, neutralize, damage, or demote a card he controls. Promote for free one of your characters who participated in the conflict.
Shai Alyt Neroon	Wheel of Fire	wheel.108	0	Character	Minbari	9	5	0	6	0	Destiny	R	Warrior Caste. Grey Council Member. Ranger One. Minbari Warleader. Must replace Alyt Neroon, transferring all attached cards and marks. You may sponsor Minbari Fleets and Warrior Caste Characters at -1 cost, or -2 cost while Shai Alyt Neroon is leading afleet, or -4 cost while he is leading the Warleader's Fleet or Grey Council Fleet. Purge a non-Doom mark from Shai Alyt Neroon to return the top fleet in your discard pile to your hand.
"Shalako"	The Telepath War	teepwar.45	7	Character	Vorlon	0	0	15	0	0	Vorlon	F	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. Can be sponsered by Psi Corps factions at normal cost.Discard this character as an action and target a conflict that is targeting your faction or a card in your faction. All your characters may use half their psi (rounded down) to oppose the target conflict. You can only do this if “Shalako” is ready and was sponsored this turn.“Shalako” is not a version of Kosh.
Shar'kali	Wheel of Fire	wheel.109	7	Character	Drakh	2	4	15	0	0	2x Shadow	U	Drakh Ambassador. When sponsored, you may search your deck and take one Drakh Group of your choice into your hand. While being attacked with Psi, Shar'kali gains damage resistance equal to half his Psi. If another player controls Shar'kali, you may discard this card from your hand as an action to search your deck and take a different Drakh Ambassador into your hand.
Sharrukin	Wheel of Fire	wheel.110	8	Character	Drakh	1	1	4	2	0	Conspiracy	R	Discard Sharrukin to negate an event as it is being played. If Sharrukin is not ready when you do this, you must also either lose 2 influence or apply an amount of influence equal to the influence applied by the event's player.
Sheedos	Anla'shok	rangers.94	6	Character	Minbari	1	0	0	3	0	Strife	U	Warrior Caste. Sheedos gets +2 to all abilities while you are at war.
Sheridan Reborn	The Great War	greatwar.320	0	Character	Human	5	2	0	4	0		R	Cannot be sponsored.  If John Sheridan is your ambassador, rotate Lorien to replace John Sheridan with Sheridan Reborn, transferring all enhancements and marks.  Sheridan Reborn gains Diplomacy and Leadership equal to his Destiny Marks.  Rotate Sheridan Reborn as an action and play a conflict card.  You must apply 3 influence (in addition to any other requirements) for each prior action you have had this turn to initiate this additional conflict.
Sheridan Starkiller	Collector's Edition	collector.5	7	Character	Human	2	1	0	4	0		F	May be replaced by John Sheridan, transferring all attached cards and marks. If a fleet lead by Sheridan Starkiller is neutralized during an attack, the fleet that attacked or was attacked by it is automatically neutralized, but Sheridan Starkiller is not.
Shifting Realities	Apocrypha	apocrypha.110	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Egnima. You must have at least one Enigma card in your discard pile to play this event. Rotate a location that is the target of a conflict and apply influence equal to the printed influence cost of that location. Discard that conflict.
Shine in the Night	Wheel of Fire	wheel.111	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Limited. Target a player. If successful, the target loses 1 influence and no player except you may initiate conflicts next turn. If you win by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.
Shining Beacon in Space	Severed Dreams	dreams.115	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. If successful, your ambassador gains a Vorlon Mark, and Babylon 5 and the Vorlons each gain +1 influence. If successful, this card becomes a Global Aftermath which gives any opposable conflict requiring Shadow Marks automatic opposition equal to Vorlon influence plus Babylon 5 influence.
Shiv'kala	Wheel of Fire	wheel.112	7	Character	Drakh	4	7	5	1	0	2x Shadow	R	Drakh Ambassador. Drakh Spymaster. When sponsored, you may search through your deck and take one non-ambassador Drakh card of your choice into your hand. Any Drakh player may rotate Shiv'kala to reduce his Unrest by 1. If another player controls Shiv'kala, you may discard this card from your hand as an action to search your deck and take a different Drakh Ambassador into your hand.
Sho'Kos Patrol Cutter Escort 	A New Beginning	beginning.3	6	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	4	Strife	F	Multiple. Fundamental. Corporate.
Short Term Goals	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.377	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Purge a Destiny Mark. Gain +1 influence.
Short Term Investment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.378	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply any amount of influence.  For each 3 influence you apply, you gain +1 influence for the next turn only.  This additional influence does not count toward power.
Shot in the Back	The Vorlons	vorlons.106	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a character with at least 4 printed Intrigue. Reveal when a character is promoted during the Resolution Round to target that character and cancel the promotion. If you apply 3 influence when you reveal this card, the character cannot be readied next turn.
Show the Colors	The Great War	greatwar.321	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	Any faction may be supported.  Participants in this conflict can only be attacked by fleets with whom they are in a state of war.  The faction with the single most support gains +2 influence.
Shunned	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.379	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate your ambassador and target a character. Call a Babylon 5 vote.  If the passes Babylon 5 gains +1 influence and the target character loses Diplomacy equal to half Babylon 5's influence, rounded up, to a minimum ability of 1.
Sigma 957	The Shadows	shadows.151	8	Location		0	0	0	0	50		R	This location's Military opposes each conflict targeting this location. Any player may sponsor this location at normal cost. The location does not join any player's faction, and, if conquered, is discarded.  The Shadows require +5 Influence more than usual to begin the Shadow War. The Vorlons require +5 Influence more than usual to begin the Shadow War.
Sign of Respect	Giants in the Playground	gitp.106	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Each player can only play this event once per game. Target another faction with whom you have a mutual tension of 3 or less. Transfer 1 influence to that faction. The next conflict this game that is initiated by that faction and that targets your faction or any card in your faction, that conflict gain an automatic opposition of 15.
Signs	The Vorlons	vorlons.107	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate a Vree character to play this event. Target an opponent. For the rest of the rurn, that player's characters cannot oppose conflicts that do not target that player's faction or card in their faction.
Signs and Portents	Wheel of Fire	wheel.113	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character with a Vorlon Mark. Each player may reveal this card only once per game. Reveal when a card picturing a Shadow Mark is played. Search through your deck and take up to 3 cards, of different types, into your hand.  All of the cards you select must picture or require Vorlon Marks.
Silver Tongue	The Great War	greatwar.322	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 1 influence for each character you control who has a Diplomacy greater than 0. For the rest of the turn, all those characters gain +1 Diplomacy. For the rest of the turn, all characters you control lose 1 Intrigue and 1 Leadership.
Sinclair, Exemplary Officer	Apocrypha	apocrypha.146	0	Character	Human	5	5	0	5	0	Strife	F	Must replace Captain Sinclair, transferring all attached cards and marks. While this character is opposing an Intrigue or Leadership conflict, all other characters you control that participate in the same conflict gain +1 Intrigue and +1 Leadership.
Sindell	Giants in the Playground	gitp.72	10	Character	Minbari	2	4	0	3	0		F	Ranger. Religious Caste. Sindell gains +2 Leadership while participating in a conflict that has an Enigma participant. Ranger characters you control have +1 damage resistance while Sindell is unneutralized.
Sins of the Past	Apocrypha	apocrypha.13	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark. Target a conflict card in your discard pile. If successful, return the targeted conflict card to your hand. If you win this conflict by 5 or more, reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal an aftermath that you can play on this conflict resolution, and play this aftermath. Shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck. If you win by 10 or more, gain +1 Power.
Size Matters	Giants in the Playground	gitp.7	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Out of Turn. In reaction to one of your fleets with a current Military of 8 or more being attacked, no damage is inflicted during this attack on either fleet.
Skeletons in the Closet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.380	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participant character. All of the characters abilities drop by 1 per Doom Mark he has, to a minimum of 1.  Purge all his Doom Marks
Skepticism	Giants in the Playground	gitp.68	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	All characters may use their Intrigue to oppose a target Psi conflict.
Skirmish	The Great War	greatwar.323	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet with a printed Military of 4 or less. Fleets with a printed Military of 5 or more cannot attack the target fleet this turn.
Skirmish of Words	The Telepath War	teepwar.60	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another faction. Only the following cards can participate in this conflict: One character from you and your target. If this conflict is uncontested, the target loses 1 influence. If you win by 5 or more, gain +1 influence. If all participants are loyal to the same race, the unrest level of each participating faction increases by 1.
Skydancer	Giants in the Playground	gitp.29	3	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Renowned. Limited. Can only be attached to a Corporate fleet. While the attached fleet is participating in a conflict that has a First One participant, it gains +2 Military.
Sleeper Hypo	The Telepath War	teepwar.91	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a Weapon enhancement attached to one of your characters and target a ready teep. Lower the target’s Psi to 1. Bonuses applied later this turn cannot raise the target’s Psi. This effect expires at the end of the turn.
Sleeper Personality	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.381	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		F	Initiates both an  Intrigue and a Psi conflict targeting one Inner Circle character who is not an ambassador. If both conflicts are successful, the target is demoted to a supporting character.  In addition, if you win the Psi conflict by 10 or more, the target becomes your supporting character until he is discarded.
Sleeping Z'ha'dum	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.382	0	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	50	Doom	R	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Any player may rotate Sleeping Z'ha'dum to cause the Shadows to gain +1 influence whenever a card is played which provides or requires Shadow Marks.
Sleeping in Light	Anla'shok	rangers.95	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Rotate your Entil'zha Sheridan if he has no Fate tokens and no Doom marks to play this card on a conflict you initiated. All effects that would cause a player to not check for victory, or be unable to check for victory, are cancelled. All ISA players score a Major Victory this turn. Discard this aftermath after play.
Sloth	Apocrypha	apocrypha.33	0	Aftermath	Lost Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a participant character with at least 1 Doom mark. Any player can purge a Doom mark from this character to prevent that character from taking any actions until the end of the turn. If at any time, the attached character has no Doom marks, discard this aftermath.
Slow Poison	The Shadows	shadows.152	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character.  If successful, this conflict becomes an aftermath affecting the target character. At the end of each turn's resolution round, the target character suffers 1 point of damage.
Slow Recovery	The Shadows	shadows.153	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character damaged in the conflict.  The character cannot rotate to heal.  Discard this aftermath at the end of the next turn.
Sneak Attack	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.383	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Play at the same time as you rotate one of your fleets to support a conflict.  Apply influence equal to the cost of another player's fleet.  Rotate that fleet for no effect.
Sniper	Severed Dreams	dreams.117	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	1	0		C	Multiple. This character becomes loyal to your race when you sponsor him. While Sniper is a Nightwatch character, he gains +1 Intrigue and a Strife Mark. While Sniper is a Nightwatch character, you may rotate him and apply 4 influence to inflict 1 pointof damage on a target character. Reduce this cost by 1 if the target is not loyal to your race, and by 1 if you are at war with the target's race.
Snoop	Severed Dreams	dreams.118	1	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character you control with a Conspiracy Mark. You may rotate the target to look at one face-down Contingency Card in play.
Sofie Ivanov	A New Beginning	beginning.66	7	Character	Human	2	0	4	0	0	Doom	F	While Sofie Ivanov is in play, increase the Diplomacy and Psi abilities of any version of Susan Ivanova by 1, granting Susan Ivanova a Psi rating of 1 if she didn’t have Psi.
Sogayu	Crusade	crusade.128	6	Character	Neutral	2	2	0	0	0		U	Corporate. If another Corporate character you control becomes neutralized, you may immediately promote Sogayu for free.
Solaris	Apocrypha	apocrypha.14	6	Enhancement	Minbari Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. Once per turn, you may rotate one of your characters with at least 1 Diplomacy to repair the attached fleet for an amount of damage equal to half the rotated character’s Diplomacy, rounded down.
Soldier of Darkness	Wheel of Fire	wheel.114	10	Character	Drakh	1	3	3	0	3	2x Strife, Shadow	R	Multiple. Cannot become an Inner Circle character. Discard 3 cards of your choice from your hand to enable Soldier of Darkness to attack any character or fleet using the target's highest ability.
Solidarity	The Vorlons	vorlons.108	0	Aftermath	Non-Aligned Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a conflict that you won by 5 or more. Sponsor for free a character of the same species as one of your participant characters. Discard this aftermath after play.
Solo Flight	Crusade	crusade.129	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Rotate a character you control to apply opposition to a conflict equal to his Diplomacy, Intrigue, Leadership.  or half his Psi.  When you play this event you may discard a card from your hand to return this event to your hand.
Som-mers	Apocrypha	apocrypha.47	5	Character	Non-Aligned	1	3	0	0	0		F	Markab. Corporate. Rotate Som-mers as an action and apply 2 influence to place a Credit Token on any card you control.
Something Always Happens	Crusade	crusade.130	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage. Reveal at resolution of a conflict and rotate the target to have him support or oppose that conflict. (The target must be able to participate in the conflict. This contingency may only be revealed once for each conflict.)
Something in the Air	Wheel of Fire	wheel.115	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Draw a card when you sponsor this enhancement. Target your ambassador and designate another player. Whenever you or the designated player sponsors a character, fleet, or location, the other may restore 1 point of influence. Discard this card if either of your tensions toward the other exceeds 3.
Song of Sol/Mon	The Vorlons	vorlons.109	2	Enhancement	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		R	Must be sponsored by a Pak'ma'ra character. Target a conflict card that you initiated. All Pak'ma'ra characters gain +2 Diplomacy and +2 Intrigue while participating in the targeted conflict.
Sore Losers	Apocrypha	apocrypha.80	3	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Requires 5 Vorlon marks. While the Vorlon Influence is lower or tied with the Shadow Influence, all Vorlon-tainted characters and Vorlon-tainted fleets gain a Strife mark.
Sortie	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.384	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any location. The target location may rotate to apply opposition equal to 1/5 of its Military rating to one Military conflict of your choice which targets a card in the location's faction, or its faction as a whole.
Soul Hunter	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.385	9	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		U	Cannot be sponsored by the Minbari faction. Rotate to cause the top character in another player's discard pile to become a supporting character for you for the rest of the turn.  At the end of the turn, return him to the same discard pile. If the character is Limited, no other copy of that character may be in play.
Soul Hunter Emissary	Giants in the Playground	gitp.143	8	Character	Neutral	3	2	1	0	0		F	Soul Hunter. Cannot be sponsored by a Minbari faction. Soul Hunter Emissary has +1 Psi for each character in your discard that was placed there from play during the game.
Soul Hunter Fleet	Giants in the Playground	gitp.53	8	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	4		F	Enigma. Soul Hunter. You must control at least one Soul Hunter character to sponsor this fleet. This fleet gains a bounus to its Military equal to the amount of characters in your discard pile.
Source of Inspiration	A New Beginning	beginning.33	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Your ambassador gains a Destiny mark. Rotate this enhancement as an action while it holds no cards and reveal a card from your hand that can replace another card. Place this card face-up under this enhancement. Rotate this enhancement to replace one of your cards in play with the card under it as if it were in your hand, following all the requirements for the replacement. If this successfully replaces a card, restore up to 2 influence.
Sowing Unrest	The Shadows	shadows.154	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one race. If successful, the target race's unrest grows by 1. The unrest grows by an additional +1 for each 4 Shadow Marks in your faction.
Special Agent Kendarr	Crusade	crusade.131	9	Character	Neutral	0	5	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Explorer. As an action, rotate to search your deck for a card which states (in its effect text) that it requires Conspiracy Marks to play, and take it into your hand.
Special Intelligence	The Shadows	shadows.155	8	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		R	All Human characters with 2 or more Intrigue gain +1 Intrigue while this group is in play.
Special Ops	The Great War	deluxe.386	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Military to support or oppose a target Intrigue conflict.
Spirit of Cooperation	The Great War	greatwar.325	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	C	Hold a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, your ambassador gains a Destiny mark. In addition, each player who voted for the measure draws 2 cards. If the vote fails, you must discard 2 cards from your hand.
Sponsor Rebels	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.388	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	2x Doom	U	Target one location. Apply the location's Military divided by 5 as opposition. If successful, the location is neutralized, and takes severe damage equal to the amount by which the conflict succeeds. The location heals as an Inner Circle character until unneutralized. If you fail, your ambassador gains 2 Doom Marks.
Spoo	The Great War	greatwar.326	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	The target character gains +1 to his highest ability (you choose one of the tied abilities, if tied).
Spread Unrest	The Shadows	shadows.156	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to play.  Target all players who do not have any Shadow or Vorlon Marks. Their unrest increases by an amount equal to Shadow Influence divided by 10 (.5 rounds up).
Squandered Chances	The Shadows	shadows.157	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player.  For each 3 cards in his hand, he must immediately apply 1 influence for no effect, up to a limit of his available influence.
Staff of Office	The Vorlons	vorlons.110	4	Enhancement	Minbari Character	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	R	Limited. Target a Minbari Grey Council Member character. Target gains +3 Diplomacy and a Vorlon mark, but can no longer attack.
Stagnation	The Shadows	shadows.158	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target player must apply 1 Influence for no effect as an action each turn, or else he must discard his free card during the following Draw round.
Stand Against the Past	The Vorlons	vorlons.111	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	If you are a Tainted faction you cannot play this aftermath unless your ambassador is a Ranger. Target your ambassador. Draw a card when you play this aftermath. No player can count positive power from a Tainted agenda.
Stand Together	The Vorlons	vorlons.112	0	Conflict	Non-Aligned Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	Psi can be used in this conflict. When this conflict is initiated, you may target an agenda that pictures a Mark. Until the end of the turn, that agenda is blanked and cannot be discarded or replaced. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, gain 1 influence. For each unneutralized Non-Aligned character of a different species that is supporting this conflict you may draw a card.
Starfire Wheel	Wheel of Fire	wheel.116	0	Conflict	Minbari Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Non-Minbari characters may participate in this conflict with Intrigue, but not with Diplomacy. Target a non-ambassador Minbari Inner Circle Character you control. Reduce your Unrest by 1. If successful, raise all of the target's abilities to a level equal to his highest printed ability. If unsuccessful, remove the target from the game.
Stasis	The Great War	greatwar.327	7	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	The Vorlons must have at least 1 influence for you to sponsor this enhancement.  At the end of the Ready round, all players must apply 1 influence for each Vorlon Mark in their faction (for no effect).
State Visit	Wheel of Fire	wheel.117	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	ISA. You cannot play this card if you are an ISA member. Rotate your ambassador to draw a card. Or target a character to give him +2 to one ability of your choice for the rest of this turn. Or remove all severe damage from one of your Inner Circle characters.
Statement of Position	The Shadows	shadows.159	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an agenda.  If successful, the owner of the agenda must discard it, or this conflict becomes an aftermath targeting that agenda, which prevents the agenda from being discarded or replaced by anything other than a Major Agenda.
Status Quo	The Shadows	shadows.160	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  No aftermaths may be played which target you or your faction this turn.
Steal Babylon 4	Severed Dreams	dreams.119	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate this agenda to search through your deck and take the first Babylon 4 Conflict you find into your hand. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.) If another player is claiming victory, each Won Aftermath targeting your faction as a whole that has "Babylon 4" in its effect text reduces the amount of power you need to win by 1.
Steal Skills	Psi Corps	psicorps.160	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play on a teep. Reveal during the resolution of a conflict that this teep is supporting or opposing. This teep applies his Psi ability in the conflict, instead of the appropriate ability.
Stealing Secrets	Psi Corps	psicorps.161	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player. If successful, the target must go through his deck and show all players every agenda card in it. He must also reveal every agenda card in his hand. Reshuffle the deck afterwards.
Stealth Omega Squadron	A New Beginning	beginning.20	7	Fleet	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	5		F	Psi Corps. Cannot be attacked while led by a telepath unless it attacked another fleet or it is participating in a War conflict. While being lead by a Psi Cop, it gains +2 damage resistance.
Stealth Technology	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.389	9	Enhancement	Minbari Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target fleet suffers only half damage (rounded up) during all attacks as long as your faction has no Doom Marks.
Stephen Franklin	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.390	5	Character	Human	0	3	0	0	0		F	Rotate to remove all damage tokens from a character who has not been neutralized, or up to 2 severe damage tokens from a neutralized character.   Any player may rotate Stephen Franklin as an action to heal the player's ambassador (as above) if the ambassador is injured.
Stephen Franklin, DXb	Anla'shok	rangers.96	10	Character	Human	5	5	0	1	0	Destiny	R	Remove all versions of Franklin with a lower printed cost from the game. Can be sponsored at normal cost by an ISA member. Stephen Franklin, DXb gets +3 to all abilities and +5 damage resistance while opposing a conflict initiated by a faction with Shadow marks. Rotate to heal two other target characters once each OR one other target character twice.
Stephen Walters	The Telepath War	teepwar.66	9	Character	Neutral	1	5	8	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Cop. Cannot be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction unless you purge two Conspiracy marks. When you sponsor Stephen Walters, you may neutralize a “Bloodhound” character.While Stephen Walters is participating in a conflict, once per conflict, you may purge a Conspiracy mark as an action to have all Psi Cop characters in that conflict apply -2 support or opposition at resolution.
Stevens	Anla'shok	rangers.97	7	Character	Human	0	2	10	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps character. Psi Cop. Media. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark to sponsor. Rotate, neutralize and purge a Conspiracy mark from Stevens to give a target Psi Cop or Media character you control a Shadow mark.
Stim Addiction	The Shadows	shadows.161	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	The target participant character suffers 1 point of damage whenever he rotates, except when he rotates to heal.
Stirring Rebuke	Psi Corps	psicorps.162	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Play if your ambassador was attacked since your last action. The attacker suffers damage equal to half the amount of damage that your ambassador took during the attack.
Stolen Spoils	The Shadows	shadows.162	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 2 Shadow Marks to play.  If your faction provided more support to a conflict than the initiator's faction, reverse all Influence gains for the initiator from the conflict. You gain this Influence instead.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Stop Hostilities	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.391	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target two players at war.  If this conflict succeeds, hold a Babylon 5 vote.  If the vote passes, and if each player's influence is lower than Babylon 5's, the war ends.   If the conflict succeeds by 10 or more, the players' tensions toward each other drop by 1.
Strafing Run	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.392	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All of your fleets do +1 damage this turn when they attack.
Straight Flush	Giants in the Playground	gitp.71	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. As an additional cost for playing this event, you must discard from hand four cards that are not events and each have a different Card Type from the others. Draw 7 cards from your deck.  If one of the discarded cards is “Apocalypse Box”, draw 8 cards instead.
Straight Talk	The Great War	greatwar.328	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All players may use Leadership to support or oppose a target Diplomacy conflict.
Strange Bedfellows	The Great War	greatwar.329	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another faction.  If successful, your tensions toward each other are halved.
Strange Happenings	Wheel of Fire	wheel.118	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Cannot be reversed. Target a Diplomacy, Intrigue, Psi, Leadership, or Military Conflict you did not initiate and lose 1 influence. Target conflict changes its conflict type: Diplomacy to Intrigue, Intrigue to Psi, Psi to Leadership, Leadership to Military, Military to Diplomacy.  Participants in the initiator's faction who support the conflict using the new ability type apply double support at resolution. Prior participants are still participating, with the ability they originally used, and their support and opposition still applies at resolution.
Strategic Reassignment	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.393	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one of your characters leading a fleet. He is no longer leading the fleet, but he remains rotated.
Strength in Adversity	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.394	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this agenda to apply support or opposition to any target. The amount applied is equal to the difference between the highest player influence rating minus your influence rating. If the player with the most power has 1 to 4 more power than you do, count the difference as power.
Stricken	The Vorlons	vorlons.113	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Target a character who attacked during the conflict. Target gains a Doom mark. Discard this aftermath as an action if the character is not participating in a conflict to prevent the character from participating in conflicts until the end of the turn. This action can only be taken by the player who played this aftermath.
Strike Back!	Psi Corps	psicorps.163	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Conspiracy Marks. Target a conflict that was initiated by another player during this action round. Ready one of your characters who has not participated in this conflict for every 5 points of support the target currently has. The only action those characters may take during the rest of this turn is to oppose the target.
Strike Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.395	6	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	5		U	Multiple.
Strike at the Heart	The Great War	greatwar.330	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable.  Intrigue may be used in this conflict.  May only be initiated if the Shadow War is in progress and your ambassador must have 3 or more Destiny Marks.  Target the Shadows or the Vorlons. If successful, your target loses 2 influence for each Destiny Mark in your faction, and you may now sponsor Lorien. If unsuccessful, remove your ambassador from play. Your ambassador's assistant becomes your new ambassador if in play. Otherwise, you are eliminated from the game.
Strip Mine Operation	Balance of Power	balance.123	0	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Corporate Faction only. Rotate this card as an action and inflict 3 damage on one of your locations to place a Credit Token on that location. Rotate this card as an action and discard one of your locations to restore an amount of influence equal to half its current Military.
Stripped	The Vorlons	vorlons.114	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	You must control an unneutralized Drakh character that is participating in this conflict to play this aftermath. Target a non-ambassador character who attacked during the conflict. Discard any number of attached card, either face-up or face-down, attached to the target up to the controller's faction Unrest. The target then gains a Doom mark. Discard this aftermath after play.
Stripped Bare	The Shadows	shadows.163	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Target a player and apply any amount of Influence. The target player must discard 1 enhancement from his hand for each 5 Influence you apply.  If the target cannot discard enough enhancements, he must show you his hand.
Strive for Freedom	The Vorlons	vorlons.115	0	Agenda	Narn	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Can be sponsored without rotating an Inner Circle character if your faction has at least one Strife mark. When you win a conflict that targets an opponent yu may rotate this agenda to give a participant Narn character or fleet a Strife mark and then neutralize a target participant character or fleet in the same conflict. Count +1 Power for each player with fewer Strife Marks than you.
Strong Arm Tactics	Anla'shok	rangers.98	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. ISA. Can only be played by an ISA member. Target a non-ISA faction that can join the ISA with whom you have a mutual tension of 5 and apply at least 1 Military. Unless the target applies more Military than you (when this card is played), the target joins the ISA.
Stuteeka Fleet	Apocrypha	apocrypha.136	5	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	3		F	Gaim. Multiple. Stuteeka Fleet has +1 Military for each other fleet named "Stuteeka Fleet" in play.
Subliminal Influence	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.396	9	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	You may move each of your tension ratings and your unrest level up or down 1.
Subsidiary (conflict)	Anla'shok	rangers.100	5	Location		0	0	0	0	1		U	Multiple. Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Place 5 Credit Tokens on this card when it enters play. Rotate this location and target a Corporate conflict (or one targeting you). Discard any number of Credit Tokens to have the conflict gain support or opposition equal to the number of Credit Tokens you discarded. Location's Military may only be used to oppose a conflict targeting this location.
Subsidiary (draw)	Anla'shok	rangers.101	5	Location		0	0	0	0	1		U	Multiple. Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Place 5 Credit Tokens on this card when it enters play. Rotate this location and discard 3 Credit Tokens to draw a card. Location's Military may only be used to oppose a conflict targeting this location.
Subsidiary (restore)	Anla'shok	rangers.99	5	Location		0	0	0	0	1		U	Multiple. Corporate. May only be sponsored by a Corporate faction. Place 5 Credit Tokens on this card when it enters play. At the end of the turn, you may apply any amount of influence to add that many Credit Tokens to this location. Rotate, discard X Credit Tokens and target a player. Choose 1. The target restores up to X influence or applies 1 influence for each 2 Credit Tokens you discarded. Location's Military may only be used to oppose a conflict targeting this location.
Subtle Influences	The Great War	greatwar.332	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player.  Intrigue may be used in this conflict. You and the target may each select one character during resolution whose Psi counts double. For each 10 by which this conflict succeeds, you may raise or lower one of the target's tensions or unrest by 1. Each rating may only be adjusted by 1.
Subversion	The Great War	greatwar.333	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Discard a limited character of your race from your hand. Discard any copy of that character in any faction's supporting cards row. Then, demote any Inner Circle copy of that character in play to the supporting cards row.
Subvert the Nexus	Wheel of Fire	wheel.119	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate to initiate an Intrigue Conflict targeting a character with a Destiny Mark. If successful, transfer a Destiny Mark from the target to your ambassador. Count +1 to your influence rating for each 3 Destiny Marks in your faction. If you have at least 15 power, more power than any other player, and no other player has any Destiny Marks, you score a major Victory this turn.
Successful IPO	Anla'shok	rangers.102	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Place 3 Credit Tokens on this card when it enters play. Each ready round, remove a Credit Token from this card. If there are no Credit Tokens on this card at the end of the action round, discard it. Your influence rating is increased by +1. Each player may apply 4 infuence to add or remove 1 Credit Token from this card. Limit once per turn per player.
Successful Manipulation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.397	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target ambassador gains +2 Intrigue.
Suicide Run	Severed Dreams	dreams.120	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Discard a target supporting character by discarding a number of your supporting characters equal to half the target's printed cost.
Superiority	Anla'shok	rangers.103	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate a character that you control to support or oppose a conflict and inflict 1 point of damage to a target character that is participating in that conflict. (If you rotated a Warrior Caste character you may inflict 2 points of damage to the target instead of 1).
Supplement Security	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.398	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for you which reduces all damage your characters suffer when attacked during an Intrigue conflict by 2.
Support Babylon 5	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.399	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate your ambassador.  Hold a Babylon 5 vote.  Babylon 5 gains +1 influence for each yes vote.  If the vote passes Babylon 5 gains +1 additional influence.
Support Fleet (Centauri)	The Shadows	shadows.164	4	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	2		C	Cannot attack.  Rotate to enhance any other Centauri Fleet. While the Support Fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military.  This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Support Fleet (Human)	The Shadows	shadows.165	4	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	2		C	Multiple. Cannot support or attack.  Rotate to enhance any other Human Fleet. While the Support Fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military.  This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Support Fleet (Minbari)	The Shadows	shadows.166	4	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	3		C	Multiple. Cannot support or attack. Rotate to enhance any other Minbari Fleet. While the Support Fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military.  This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Support Fleet (Narn)	The Shadows	shadows.167	4	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	2		C	Multiple. Cannot support.  Rotate to enhance any other Narn Fleet. While the Support Fleet is rotated, that fleet gains +2 Military. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
Support of the Mighty	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.400	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Your cost to sponsor any character with an ability of 6 or higher is reduced by 2. Count each of your ready characters with an ability of 6 or more as 1 power.
Suppress	The Vorlons	vorlons.116	0	Conflict	Centauri Military	0	0	0	0	0		C	Intrigue can be used in this conflict. When this conflict is initiated, remove all "Revenge" in play from the game. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement with the text: "Your influence Rating is increased by 1. You may discard this enhancement as an action to target either a Narn location or up to three Narn fleets and inflict up to 15 damage divided among the targets."
Suppress the Media	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.401	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		P	If successful, all other players must discard all Media cards they control.
Surgeon of Darkness	Wheel of Fire	wheel.120	5	Character	Drakh	0	2	2	1	0		U	Rotate to place a Chaos Token on this character. Remove any number of Chaos Tokens from this character to reduce the cost of the next Character Enhancement he sponsors this turn by an equal amount. Character Enhancements sponsored by this character gain the effect text Irrevocable.
Surgical Strike	Wheel of Fire	wheel.121	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a location, non-major agenda, or group controlled by a faction with whom you are at war. If successful, discard the target, gain +1 influence, and place this conflict on the bottom of your discard pile.
Surprise	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.402	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Doom, Shadow	P	You may only play this card if your name appears in the credits for the Babylon 5 CCG. Ready all your characters who are not appearing in any conflict. Select any cards you wish from your deck and place them in your hand.
Surprising Allies	Crusade	crusade.132	10	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a supporting character controlled by another player. As an action, any player may rotate a character with a Conspiracy Mark and/or a Destiny Mark to place a Covert Token on this enhancement. If the number of Covert Tokens on this card is higher than the target's printed cost (doubled if the target is not Neutral), place the target in the supporting row of the player who sponsored this card, then discard this enhancement.
Survey In Force	The Shadows	shadows.168	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target another player.  If successful, he must reveal his hand to you. If he has one or more playable locations in his hand, choose one. He must bring it into play at no cost during the resolution round.
Survival Training	Anla'shok	rangers.104	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Rotate and target a Ranger character. While his card remains rotated, the target is not discarded when neutralized and may heal as if it were an Inner Circle character. This action may be sustained.
Survivor's Guilt	Crusade	crusade.133	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target player must immediately discard two cards from the top of his deck for each of his characters and fleets that was neutralized in the conflict. The number of cards discarded through this aftermath cannot be greater than the target's current influence rating.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Swat!	Anla'shok	rangers.105	0	Contingency	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal when an opponent sponsors or promotes a target character without a Destiny mark to rotate that character. When revelead you may apply 5 influence to return this contingency to your hand.
Sway Public Opinion	Giants in the Playground	gitp.130	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Media. Target a group. If successful, this conflict becomes an aftermath attached to the target that reads: “Rotate this group and apply 9 influence to draw a card from either your deck or your Crusade Pile. Reduce the amount of influence to apply by the printed cost of the rotated group. This cannot reduce the amount of influence under zero.”
Sword of Destiny	A New Beginning	beginning.65	6	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Unique. Weapon. Can only be attached to a character that has at least one Destiny mark. If at any time the attached character only has the one Destiny mark provided by this card, discard this enhancement. While you control Sword of Destiny, any event that pictures a Destiny mark has its Influence Cost reduced by 1.
Sworn In	Giants in the Playground	gitp.123	4	Enhancement	Human Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	 This enhancement can be sponsored at -4 influence cost if you control a Human President. The attached character gains the Senator boldface text if they do not already have the President or Vice President boldface text. Investment 2: The attached character gains +2 Diplomacy while this enhancement is attached.
Sworn to Shadows	The Shadows	shadows.169	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a non-Ambassador character with at least 1 Shadow Mark. The character gains a Shadow Mark and gains +2 Intrigue.  If any player has more Shadow Marks in his faction than the character's faction, that player may cause the character to act as if hewere in the player's faction.
Sycophant	Severed Dreams	dreams.121	2	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate to give your ambassador +1 to all of his non-zero abilities for the rest of this turn. Sycophant may not sustain this action. During each ready round, move Sycophant to the supporting row of the player (if any) with the single most influence.
Sympathetic Magic	Giants in the Playground	gitp.79	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Can only be sponsored by a Techno-mage, a Seeress or a character with at least 3 Conspiracy marks. You can look at all face-down Conflict contingencies at any time. Discard this card as an action to discard a conflict Contingency.
Ta'Lon	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.404	7	Character	Narn	0	4	0	0	0	Strife	F	Rotate Ta'Lon while one of your characters is the target of an Intrigue conflict.  That character gains +4 Intrigue.
Tactical Error	Psi Corps	psicorps.165	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play on a Military Conflict. Reveal when a fleet rotates to oppose the conflict. This conflict gains 5 more opposition. No more fleets may oppose this conflict. Damage resistance of, and all restrictions on attacks against, supporting fleets are ignored in this conflict.
Tactical Nuke	Crusade	crusade.134	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Cannot be played by a Minbari player. Your ambassador must be leading a fleet that is participating in a conflict. Target another player's fleet participating in that same conflict. Apply damage equal to your ambassador's Leadership plus 3 to the target.
Tacticians	Severed Dreams	dreams.122	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate and apply 3 influence to search through your deck and take the top Contingency card you find into your hand. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
Tafeek	Giants in the Playground	gitp.96	6	Character	Minbari	4	0	0	1	0		F	Ranger. Legal. Tafeek cannot be attacked by non-Drakh characters while participating in a Diplomacy conflict.
Tak'Cha Believer	Apocrypha	apocrypha.59	4	Character	Non-Aligned	2	0	0	0	0		F	Tak’Cha. Religious Caste. Multiple.
Tak'Cha Salvage Team	Apocrypha	apocrypha.58	7	Group	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		F	Tak’Cha. While this group is ready, all Tak’Cha characters gain +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue. Rotate this group as an action and target a Non-Aligned character. That character gains +2 Leadership while this group remains rotated.
Takarn	Giants in the Playground	gitp.92	7	Character	First One	0	4	0	5	0	Conspiracy	F	Enigma. Any faction with at least 2 Conspiracy marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. While Takarn is leading an Enigma fleet, that fleet gains +2 Military and a Strife mark.
Takarn's Ship	Giants in the Playground	gitp.91	7	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	4		F	Enigma. Fundamental. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 5 or more Conspiracy Marks. This fleet can only be led by Takarn. Once per turn, rotate any number of your Enigma locations. This fleet gains a bonus to its Military equal to double the amount of locations you rotated.
Take What They Want	Anla'shok	rangers.106	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Psi Corps conflict. Rotate an Inner Circle Psi Cop character to play this conflict. Psi Cop characters may participate using Psi. Target an opponent. If you succeed by 5 or more, the target transfers 1 power to you.
Taking Credit	The Shadows	shadows.170	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Initiate this conflict as your first action.  Select one other conflict as the target.  This conflict must resolve before any conflict initiated during the Conflict round.  If successful, any influence gains awarded by the target conflict are awarded to you instead of to the usual player faction.
Taking Sides	Severed Dreams	dreams.123	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target your ambassador and choose a race in a State of War toward whom you have a tension of 2 or less. Discard this aftermath if your tension towards that race is 4 or higher or your two races are in a State of War with each other. Each time a MilitaryConflict targets that race, you may raise your tension toward the initiator by 1. If this would raise your tension above 5, you may immediately declare war on him.
Taking a Break	Balance of Power	balance.140	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Target a character. Reveal when this character is attacked. This character gains a Conspiracy mark. Before resolving the attack, the attacker takes damage equal to the amount of Conspiracy marks on this character.
Talia, Hopeless Romantic	The Telepath War	teepwar.19	6	Character	Human	1	1	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Corporate. May replace Talia Winters. Can be replaced by Dark Talia.While you control any version of Arthur Malten, Jason Ironheart or Susan Ivanova, this character gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue.
Talking Points	Apocrypha	apocrypha.112	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round if the attached character is participating in a Diplomacy conflict. The attached character gains +2 Diplomacy until the end of the Resolution Round.
Tannier	Anla'shok	rangers.107	5	Character	Minbari	0	2	0	2	0		C	Ranger. When Tannier attacks a character that has a Doom mark, he inflicts +2 damage.
Taralenn II	The Shadows	shadows.171	9	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	20		R	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Rotate and target a Minbari character.  For the rest of the turn, if that character's Caste is Warrior, he may use his Leadership as Intrigue. If Religious, he may use his Diplomacy as Psi. If Worker, he may use his Intrigue as Diplomacy.
Taree	Severed Dreams	dreams.124	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character's race. Narn: Gain +1 to each ability until end of turn. Human: Gain +1 damage resistance until end of turn. Centauri: Take 1 point of damage. Minbari: Gain a Strife Mark until end ofturn. Non-Aligned (except Pak'ma'ra): target's controller must apply 1 influence (if possible).
Target Lock	Apocrypha	apocrypha.98	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a fleet you control and target a fleet participating in a conflict. Apply 2 damage to that fleet and then the fleet you rotated attacks the targeted fleet. The rotated fleet becomes a participant in the conflict.
Taro Isogi	Anla'shok	rangers.108	7	Character	Neutral	4	2	0	0	0		U	Corporate. When you initiate a Corporate conflict it gains +1 support if Taro Isogi is ready.
Taunts and Games	The Great War	greatwar.335	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a card another player sponsored since your last action. Apply the same amount of influence the player applied. Return the target card to its owner's hand. The owner cannot sponsor any copy of that card for the rest of the turn.
Team Player	Psi Corps	psicorps.167	5	Enhancement	Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an agenda that allows you to initiate conflicts by applying influence. Your ambassador's abilities are each reduced by an amount equal to your unrest. During the Conflict Round, you may rotate your ambassador to reduce the cost to initiate conflicts through the agenda by an amount equal to your ambassador's highest ability.
Techno-Virus	Crusade	crusade.135	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. Explorer. Rotate a Techno-mage to play this aftermath on a conflict you initiated. You may neutralize up to one participant of your choice in each faction that does not control a Techno-mage character or fleet. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Technological Espionage	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.406	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target one race. If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for you. This enhancement causes each of your races to inflict +1 damage when attacking or being attacked by fleets of the target race. You may have one Technological Espionage enhancement for each race. In addition, if you win by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.
Teeptown	The Telepath War	teepwar.31	5	Site	Psi Corps	0	4	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Based on “Earth”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.Rotate Teep Town to add its Intrigue as opposition to any conflict targeting one of your teeps or to any conflict initiated by a Human faction. This does not cause Teep Town to become a participant.
Telekinesis	The Shadows	shadows.172	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	R	Target a character with Psi greater than 3. The target character gains a Strife Mark.
Telepath Agitator	Giants in the Playground	gitp.43	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	4	1	0	Strife	F	When Telepath Agitator attacks a non-Neutral character, until the end of the turn all your Neutral teeps inflict 1 additional damage while attacking or being attacked.
Telepath Block	The Great War	greatwar.337	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a character with Psi above 0.  The target may rotate to rotate (for no effect) any character whose Psi is less than the enhanced character's Psi, but greater than 0.
Telepath Colony	Psi Corps	psicorps.168	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Every Neutral teep you control gains +1 Psi for each Neutral teep you control. Rotate this agenda to initiate a Diplomacy conflict targeting a location controlled by another player. If this conflict succeeds by at least the location's military,place a Refuge Token on the location. When the number of Refuge Tokens equals or exceeds one fifth of the location's military, place the location into your supporting row. (You may use its effect text.) Count each location you control that was sponsoredby another player as +1 power.
Telepath Hunter	Psi Corps	psicorps.169	7	Character	Narn	1	3	0	1	0	Strife	U	Multiple.  When attacking or being attacked by a teep, Telepath Hunter may use his Intrigue as Psi.
Telepath Recruit	The Great War	greatwar.338	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	0	5	0	0		C	Multiple.  Any Psi conflict you initiate begins with 1 automatic support.
Telepathic Revenge	Psi Corps	psicorps.172	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on teep. Reveal when this teep is attacked using an ability other than Psi. The attacker gains a Doom Mark.  The attacker also takes extra damage equal to half this teep's Psi.
Telepathic Scan	Psi Corps	deluxe.407	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another player. If successful, the target player must show you a number of random cards from his hand equal to the base Psi score of the character you first rotated to support the conflict (up to his entire hand). Select and discard one of the cards.
Telepathic Vault	The Telepath War	teepwar.100	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	Play as your first action, as an additional conflict, and target an opposable Legacy, Explorer or Enigma conflict you did not initiate. At the beginning of the Resolution Round, if this conflict has more support than opposition, and more support than three times the support for the target conflict, the target conflict does not resolve.
Teleportation	Giants in the Playground	gitp.30	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage or Vorlon character that is participating in a conflict. Choose another conflict. The targeted character is no longer participating in its current conflict and instead becomes a paricipant in the chosen conflict.
Tell Me What You Know	A New Beginning	beginning.57	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate one of your teep characters and name a card and card type. Reveal cards from a target opponent’ s hand at random equal to the Psi of the teep you rotated. If you reveal the named card, discard it from your opponent’s hand. If you reveal at least one card of the named card type, restore 1 influence and ready the rotated teep. You may play this event for free on an opponent against whom you successfully resolved the "Sleeper Personality" conflict this game.
Temporary Aid	The Shadows	shadows.173	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	If you have no Shadow Marks and no Vorlon Marks, then for the rest of the turn you may apply 1 influence per mark to ignore Shadow or Vorlon Mark restrictions on each card you play, up to a limit of the number of such marks on characters in play.
Temptations	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.408	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a supporting character. If you succeed by 5 or more, conflict becomes a character enhancement on the target. The target's owner must apply the character's influence cost each turn during the draw round or discard him.  Discard this card if the character is promoted to an Inner Circle character.
Tengeri	Balance of Power	balance.97	3	Enhancement	Centauri Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. Lords, Ladies or Ministers can lead the attached fleet using their Intrigue. 
Tense Situation	The Great War	greatwar.340	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply one influence for each ready Neutral character. Target a conflict. No more Neutral characters can participate in the conflict.
Tenuous Control	The Great War	greatwar.341	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an enhancement that targets a card in another player's faction or that targets that faction as a whole. The enhancement's owner must either blank the enhancement for the rest of the turn, or discard it at the end of the turn.
Teronn	Balance of Power	balance.134	7	Character	Minbari	1	3	2	1	0	Conspiracy	F	Religious Caste. Legal. Nightwatch. Rotate Teronn as an action and target a Minbari character. That character cannot oppose any conflict in which at least one Minbari character supported the conflict.
Terra Firma	The Great War	greatwar.342	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	If you conquer a homeworld, gain +2 influence.  If you control at least 3 homeworlds, and the homeworld of every faction in the game, you score a Major Victory this turn.
Terror Tactics	Wheel of Fire	wheel.122	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this Agenda and target a conflict. Double the printed ability of your opposing participants at resolution of the target conflict.  Whenever you lose influence, you lose an additional influence. If another player loses influence from a conflict youinitiated that targeted him, that player must also transfer 1 influence to you. You may not discard or replace this agenda while you are the target of a conflict.
Terrorist Bombings	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.409	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Any player may be supported in this conflict.  The ambassadors belonging to the players with the two lowest generated totals take damage equal to the difference between their individual total and the highest individual total.  If there is a tie for second lowest total, all tied players' ambassadors also take damage.
Terrorist Strike	The Great War	greatwar.343	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a location loyal to your race that is controlled by another faction of your race. Apply damage to the location equal to the amount by which this conflict succeeds.
Tersk Dress	The Telepath War	teepwar.99	6	Enhancement	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Your character gains the Lady boldface text and cannot be attacked unless the character attacked this turn.Investment 3: You may sponsor this enhancement as if your character were a Centauri, and the enhancement may target any character (regardless of race).
Tessa Halloran	Anla'shok	rangers.109	12	Character	Neutral	2	6	0	2	0	Strife	R	Spymaster. Discard Number One (at all times). Can only be sponsored by ISA members. You may sponsor Mars Colony for free, even if you are not a human faction. While this character is your only participant in a given conflict she can't be attacked.
Test Drive	Apocrypha	apocrypha.18	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Apply influence equal to half the influence cost of a fleet in your hand, rounded up, and put that fleet into play. It is not considered being sponsored. At the end of the resolution round, if that fleet is undamaged, put it back into your hand, otherwise, discard it from play.
Test Their Mettle	The Great War	deluxe.410	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a faction of another race. Characters of your two races apply double Diplomacy during resolution. Your target may choose (at initiation) to allow Military to support and oppose this conflict. If successful, gain +1 influence, and if you win by 5 or more your target loses 1 influence. If unsuccessful, exchange recipients of these effects.
Test of Merit	The Shadows	shadows.174	10	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target player cannot check to see if he has fulfilled the requirements for victory (he cannot perform step 5 of the Draw round) unless he Won a conflict during the turn.
Tharsis Royal	The Telepath War	teepwar.3	6	Site	Neutral	0	2	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Based on “Mars Colony”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.All Corporate events gain “Investment 1: Place a Credit Token on Tharsis Royal.”Rotate Tharsis Royal to move all of its Credit Tokens to another Corporate card.
That's the Spirit	Psi Corps	psicorps.174	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target character's non-zero abilities are increased by 2 for the rest of the turn.
The Almighty Credit	Anla'shok	rangers.110	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate a Corporate character or group to play this event. You may discard any number of Credit tokens and apply any amount of influence. If you do so, target conflict initiated by a Corporate card or with no participation restrictions gains an amount of support or opposition (your choice) equal to the amount of influence applied and Credit tokens discarded.
The Bottom Line	Anla'shok	rangers.111	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Corporate. Rotate an Inner Circle Corporate character to play this conflict. During resolution you may apply any amount of influence to add an equal amount of support to this conflict. If you succeed by 5 or more, you gain 1 influence.
The Centaurum	Giants in the Playground	gitp.116	8	Group	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		F	While you control this group, if you are a Centauri faction, gain +1 Power. Your cost to sponsor Emperor characters, Regent characters and Minister characters is reduced by 2.
The Chosen Ones	Wheel of Fire	wheel.123	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Narn players cannot play this event. Neutralize a non-ambassador teep you control who is loyal to your race and target a non-ambassador teep, not loyal to your race, who has a lower printed Psi than your teep. Remove the target from the game if he is Neutral, or discard him otherwise.
The Circle is Joined	Crusade	crusade.136	13	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Legacy. All agendas currently in play permanently become Unique (no additional copies may be played for the rest of this game). If more than one copy of the same agenda is currently in play, they may remain in play even though both are Unique, but both still retain the "Unique" designation. The cost to play this event is reduced by 2 for each Techno-Mage you control.
The Conspiracy Deepens	Severed Dreams	dreams.125	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		C	May only be sponsored by a Home Faction Ambassador. If your race has no vote in Babylon 5 votes, you may cast the vote for your race. You may sponsor cards as if 2 factions of your race were in play. All of your Senators gain +1 Intrigue. While your ambassador is Earth Alliance President, he gains +3 Intrigue and a Strife Mark.
The Corps Is Father	Wheel of Fire	wheel.124	0	Enhancement	Human Agenda	0	0	0	0	0		U	Psi Corps Enhancement. You may sponsor this enhancement for free and without rotating an Inner Circle Character. Target The Corps is Mother. As an action, you may discard this enhancement and The Corps is Mother (from play) to search your deck, place one Agenda from it that you could sponsor into play, take one Psi Cop and one Psi Corps Group into your hand, and no player may target you with an event as his next action. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
The Devil's Work	Balance of Power	balance.18	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Religious. Whenever a card with a title of a cardinal sin (Pride, Greed, Wrath, Envy, Lust, Gluttony or Sloth) is placed into your discard pile from play, place it under this agenda instead. Count each card with a different title stored under this card or in play under your control as +1 Power. Remove from the game 7 cards you control with a different title of a cardinal sin in play or underneath this agenda to gain +2 influence.
The Dreaming	Psi Corps	psicorps.177	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		P	Each time you win a conflict, place a Dreaming token on this card. As an action, remove all Dreaming tokens on this card to apply support or opposition to a conflict equal to the number of Dreaming tokens you removed.
The Enemy Within	A New Beginning	beginning.83	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Nightwatch. Rotate a Nightwatch character with at least 2 Intrigue or with at least 1 Conspiracy mark. Inflict damage to each Ambassador and Ambassador’s Assistant, including your own, equal to their faction’s current Unrest level.
The Eye	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.411	10	Enhancement	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Unique.   The character's controller gains +1 influence while the character is enhanced by The Eye.   Character gains a Destiny Mark.
The Family Zathras	Collector's Edition	collector.11	9	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Must be sponsored by a Zathras character. Each Zathras character in play has +1 to each of their non-zero abilities for each other Zathras character in play. Rotate to take all Zathras cards in your discard pile and place them in your hand. When you replace a Zathras character you control and do not return him to your hand, place him in your discard pile instead.
The Fen	Crusade	crusade.137	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Limited. Explorer. Target a ready fleet: Its printed Military is reduced by 5 (to a minimum of zero), and any increase in Military due to leaders is ignored.  These effects expire at the end of this turn.
The First One	Wheel of Fire	wheel.125	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Irrevocable. To play this aftermath you must have a number of Destiny Marks at least equal to the combined number of Destiny Marks controlled by all other players, minimum of 2. You may sponsor Lorien, and when promoting Lorien, you may reduce your cost to promote him to zero by simultaneously demoting another non-ambassador Inner Circle character, but not the character who rotated to promote Lorien.
The Good Old Days	The Vorlons	vorlons.117	0	Agenda	Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		U	Draw a card when you play this agenda. Your ambassador gains +2 Intrigue. Rotate this agenda as an action and put a card from your hand on the bottom of you deck to draw a card. When you win an Intrigue conflict by 5 or more, you may rotate your Homeworld and discard a card to gain 1 power and draw a card.
The Great Eye	The Vorlons	vorlons.118	3	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		R	Enigma. Requires 1 Shadow Mark. Target a Z'Ha'Dum location, even if it can not be targeted by effects. At the end of each turn in which a fleet was discard from play, the Shadow Influence is increased by 1.
The Great Machine	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.412	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique.  Initiates both a Diplomacy and Military conflict. Any player may be supported in these conflicts. If one player has the highest total for both conflicts, he gains +3 influence. Otherwise, Babylon 5 gains +3 influence.  The first player to discard one ready Inner Circle character generates +5 Diplomacy support for his side.
The Great Maker	Collector's Edition	collector.10	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Irrevocable. Select 1 card of your choice from outside the game and place that card in your hand. Each player may play this card only once per game.
The Great Pit	The Vorlons	vorlons.119	3	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		R	Enigma. Requires 1 Shadow Mark. Target a Z'Ha'Dum location, even if it can not be targeted by effects. When The Great Pit is sponsored, the Shadow Influence is increased by 1. At the end of each turn in which a character was discarded from play, the Shadow Influence is increased by 1.
The Greater Good	The Great War	greatwar.345	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Purge a Destiny Mark. Increase Babylon 5's influence by +1 and decrease Shadow and Vorlon Influence by 1.
The Grey Council	Giants in the Playground	gitp.114	8	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		F	While you control this group, if you are a Minbari faction, gain +1 Power. Your cost to sponsor Grey Council Member characters is reduced by 2.
The Growing Conspiracy	Psi Corps	psicorps.178	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	U	Target character you control gains a Conspiracy Mark. When sponsored, either Babylon 5, the Shadows, or the Vorlons (your choice) lose 1 influence. The Shadows and Vorlons both require 1 less influence to start the Shadow War.
The Haunter in the Dark	The Vorlons	vorlons.120	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0	Doom	C	Cannot be initiated by a Centauri player. When this conflict is initiated, your ambassador gains a Doom mark and each player must rotate one non-ambassador, character that is not Tainted. If this conflict is successful by 5 or more, target and neutralize a Supporting Row character that is not Tainted. If this conflict is successful by 10 or more, gain 1 influence.
The Hive	Severed Dreams	dreams.126	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate The Hive and target two unneutralized Gaim characters in the same faction. Select one of the characters, other than the Gaim Ambassador, who becomes a Character Enhancement card on the second target, adding his printed abilities to the second target's current abilities. (The selected card is no longer a character.)
The Hope of Peace	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.413	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Each character you control gains +1 Diplomacy.  Count every 4 points of Babylon 5's influence as 1 power.
The House Always Wins	Giants in the Playground	gitp.128	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Each time you initiate a Corporate conflict with a Conflict card, add 1 Credit Token to this agenda. During the Conflict Round, you may discard an amount of Credit Tokens from cards you control to initiate an additional Corporate Intrigue Conflict. If you win the conflict, and the amount of discarded Credit Tokens was 5, gain +1 Power. If the amount of discarded Credit Tokens was 10, gain +1 influence instead. If the amount of discarded Credit Tokens was 15, gain +2 influence instead. If you win the conflict by 10 or more, add 2 Credit Tokens to this agenda.
The Icehouse	The Telepath War	teepwar.108	5	Site	Psi Corps	0	3	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Based on “Ganymede”. This site’s Intrigue may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this site. Cannot be attacked.Rotate this site and target a conflict that targets one of your characters. Apply 5 opposition to this conflict. This site is not considered a participant to the conflict.
The Inquisitor	The Vorlons	vorlons.121	6	Character	Vorlon	0	7	0	0	0	Doom, Strife	R	Enigma. May replace Sebastian. Rotate this character as an action to target and rotate a ready Character that has a Mark. The target takes 1 damage for each Vorlon mark it has. If the target was a faction's ambassador, neutralize The Inquisitor afterwards.
The Just Suffer	The Great War	greatwar.346	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a character with neither Shadow nor Doom marks who is controlled by a player with Shadow or Doom marks. The target character takes 3 damage.
The Kha'Ri	Giants in the Playground	gitp.115	8	Group	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		F	While you control this group, if you are a Narn faction, gain +1 Power. Your cost to sponsor Member of the Kha’Ri characters is reduced by 2.
The Line	The Vorlons	vorlons.122	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	You must rotate your Homeworld to play this conflict. Target an opponent with whom you are at war. When this conflict resolves and the target has less influence than the initiator, the initiator loses 1 influence. If the conflict is successful by 20 or more, the target transfers 3 influence to you and this becomes a Faction Enhancement for the target that prevents them from initiating Military conflicts. If this conflict fails, the initiator unconditionally surrenders to the target.
The Lion of the Stars	The Vorlons	vorlons.123	0	Aftermath	Centauri Won	0	0	0	0	0		C	Play on a conflict that you won by 5 or more. Return one of your participant Centauri characters or fleets to its owner's hand to sponsor for free a Centauri character that you could sponsor. Discard this aftermath after play.
The Long Night	The Shadows	shadows.175	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	C	Target one of your characters who supported the conflict who has a Shadow Mark.  The Shadows gain +1 Influence.  The character gains a Shadow Mark.
The Lure of Shadow	The Shadows	shadows.176	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Your Ambassador gains a Shadow Mark.  You may apply 7 Influence as an action to add a Shadow Mark to any character you control.  Target a character participating in a conflict and apply 5 influence as an action.  For the rest of the turn, the target character loses 1 point from the ability he used in the conflict.
The Man in Between	The Vorlons	vorlons.124	10	Character	Shadow	6	9	0	0	0	3x Shadow	R	Enigma. Requires 9 Shadow marks to sponsor or to replace Justin. When this character enters play, the Shadow Influence is increased by 1 and you may target a Destiny mark and convert it to a Doom mark. Your Influence Rating is increased by 1 for each Shadow-Tainted faction in the game. Suspend all Power Bonuses.
"The Meeting Place"	Apocrypha	apocrypha.121	8	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	10	Shadow	F	Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. If any version of Mayor Lindak is in play, he gains +2 Diplomacy. Any player may, as an action, apply any amount of influence. For each 3 influence applied, their ambassador gains a Shadow Mark. At the end of the turn, their ambassador must purge one Shadow Mark for each mark gained.
The Messiah Effect	Severed Dreams	dreams.127	10	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Target an ambassador with 5 or more marks of the same type. Each turn, no supporting characters in your faction may rotate until the target has rotated. Supporting characters in your faction may only take the same type of action as the target, and if that action is to participate in a conflict, they must participate in the same conflict as the target. You may discard this card by purging a number of non-Doom Marks from the target equal to twice your unrest.
The Mind's Eye	Psi Corps	psicorps.179	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate a character you control with a Psi of 4 or more to look at all cards in another player's hand.
The Mirror Never Sees Itself	The Telepath War	teepwar.98	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Out of Turn. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark. In reaction to a non-Limited, non-Unique event card being played, copy the effects of that event. If the event has targets, you decide the new targets for the copied effects. You must apply influence equal to that applied by the event’s player, plus 2 per mark required to play the event.
The Misalliance	Anla'shok	rangers.112	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	ISA. Discard this agenda if you are an ISA member. Cancel all non-war states between you and ISA members (at all times). You can't play Show of Colors or any card which could create a non-war state between you and an ISA member. You may ignore the power requirement required for victory caused by the ISA. While the ISA is in existence, count +1 power for each opponent who is not an ISA member.
The Mix	The Telepath War	teepwar.33	8	Group	Psi Corps	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Increase your unrest by 1 when sponsored. All your Psi Cop teeps are -1 to each non-Psi ability. All your Corporate Psi Corps characters gain +1 Diplomacy and +1 Leadership.
The Mu'Tai	The Vorlons	vorlons.126	3	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Mu'Tai. Caliban and Gyor gain the Mu'Tai bold-face text when The Mu'Tai is sponsored, even if they are not in play. Rotate this group when you win a conflict supported by an unneutralized Mu'Tai character. All other players must discard the top card of their deck and you may draw a card.
The Mutah-Doh	The Vorlons	vorlons.125	6	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	1	1	0	3x Strife	R	Yolu. Mu'tai. Requires 3 Strife marks to be sponsored. When The Mutah-Doh enters play, each opponent discards the top card of their deck. This character does not take damage when attacked by characters that are not Tainted. Mu'Tai characters gain +1 to all non-zero abilities while participating in conflicts.
The One	Severed Dreams	dreams.128	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Target a participant in a Babylon 4 Conflict who has at least 3 Destiny Marks. You may discard this Aftermath as an action to reduce Shadow, Vorlon, or Babylon 5 influence by the number of destiny marks attached to the target.
The Opposition Rises	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.414	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player.  The cost for that player to sponsor any card or play events increases by an amount equal to his unrest for the rest of the turn.
The Path of Conquest	The Great War	greatwar.348	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have at least 10 influence to sponsor this agenda.  If any effect would increase your tension toward another race beyond 5, your two races enter a state of war.  Your maximum unrest is lowered by 1 for each state of war your race is in.  If youforce a faction to lose influence with a war conflict while that faction has 5 or less influence, that faction must unconditionally surrender to you.
The Path of Sorrows	The Vorlons	vorlons.127	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. Legacy. Enigma. In initiative order all players take turns either passing or discarding from play a non-ambassador character, fleet, group, or location they control. If a player passes during this sequence, they must continue to pass for the duration of the event. This continues until a player discards when all other players have passed. That player gains 1 influence. Remove this even from the game after it resolves.
The Path to Peace	Severed Dreams	dreams.129	0	Agenda	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		C	May only be sponsored by a Home Faction Ambassador. If your race has no vote in Babylon 5 votes, you may cast the vote for your race. You may sponsor cards as if 2 factions of your race were in play. Every Narn character in your Inner Circle gains +1 Diplomacy. While your ambassador is Councillor Na'Far, he gains +2 Diplomacy and +3 points of damage resistance.
The Price of Fame	The Great War	greatwar.349	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target participant character must apply influence equal to his Destiny Marks to ready.  The character may purge half his Destiny Marks as an action to discard this aftermath.
The Price of Power	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.415	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a player.  He must discard a character he controls or he does not gain any influence from conflicts this turn.
The Rangers	Wheel of Fire	wheel.126	9	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Ranger. Irrevocable while the ISA has 3 or more members. Must be sponsored by an ISA member. Any ISA member may sponsor Babylon 5 fleets at normal cost, ignoring all other sponsoring requirements. If a Babylon 5 Fleet is controlled by a non-ISA member, he must immediately transfer control of it to an ISA member if possible. All Babylon 5 Fleets and all cards with the boldface text Ranger gain the boldface text ISA even if not in play.
The Regent	Wheel of Fire	wheel.127	9	Character	Centauri	6	3	0	0	0	Shadow	R	Centauri Regent. Minister.  Remove Minister Verano from the game. Cannot enter play if a Centauri Emperor is in play. While The Regent is in play, no Centauri Emperor can be sponsored. Any Drakh character may sponsor The Regent at normal cost. Rotate The Regent to place a number of Chaos Tokens on him equal to the number of States of Free Trade in play.
The Right Contacts	The Great War	greatwar.350	6	Group	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	0		F	Before drawing your first free card in the Draw Round, you may name a card type. If you do so, show your free card to all players. If it matches the card type you named, immediately draw an additional free card.
The Rush Act	Anla'shok	rangers.113	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Rotate an inner circle Corporate character as an additional requirement to play this event. Target an opponent's faction. Non-Corporate characters in that faction can't rotate except to heal or to participate in a conflict.
The Sandman	Giants in the Playground	gitp.37	8	Character	Human	0	3	8	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. Bureau 13. Requires 1 Conspiracy mark. Rotate this character and apply 3 influence to search your deck for an event that would rotate a character for no effect. Reveal this event and put it in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
The Secret Masters	Wheel of Fire	wheel.128	0	Agenda	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate to initiate a conflict targeting a non-ambassador character in another player's faction. Intrigue and Psi may be used to support this conflict. Any ability may be used to oppose this conflict if the target has a printed value higher than zero for that ability. If successful, place a Pawn token on the target, and for the rest of the game you may, as an action, rotate the target for no effect or to attack any legal target. If you have at least 15 power and have a Pawn token on at least half the non-ambassador characters in each other faction, you score a Major Victory this turn.
The Shadows Move	The Vorlons	vorlons.128	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 2 Shadow marks. Military can be used in this conflict. When this conflict is initiated, target a Supporting Row character. Target's effect text is blanked until the end of the turn. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, the Shadow Influence is increase. by 1. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you gain 1 influence.
The Song	The Vorlons	vorlons.129	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Enigma. Requires 5 Vorlon marks. Intrigue can be used to oppose this conflict. Non-Vorlon teeps cannot support this conflict. If this conflict succeeds, target and neutralize one unneutralized non-Vorlon teep for each unneutralized Vorlon teep supoorting this conflict.
The Spectre at the Banquet	Balance of Power	balance.137	11	Character	Fabulist	4	6	0	0	0	Doom	F	Techno-mage. Legacy. Must replace Galen, transferring all attached cards and marks. Can only replace Galen when one of your Supporting Row characters is neutralized. All Techno-mage characters ( including this character ) gain +1 Intrigue and +1 damage resistance while this character is in your Inner Circle. Once per turn, if your Crusade Pile consists of only Legacy cards, you may apply 3 influence to draw the top card of the Crusade Pile.
The Spider's Web	Psi Corps	psicorps.180	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Purge a Conspiracy Mark and target a participant character who is opposing a conflict you initiated. The target applies no opposition during resolution. The target remains rotated and is still a participant (e.g., he can still be attacked).
The Tech	Crusade	crusade.138	2	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. Discard this card if you control no Techno-mages. Your Techno-mage characters and fleets have +1 damage resistance. As an action, rotate this card to take from your discard pile a contingency that must target a Techno-mage or an event that requires you to control a Techno-mage to play it. Place that card on the bottom of your deck or Crusade pile.
The Third Age	Crusade	crusade.139	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		P	Draw two cards. If both cards have copyright dates of 1999 or later, draw two more cards. If not, place the cards you drew back on top of your deck.
The Thought That Counts	The Telepath War	teepwar.144	0	Contingency	Conflict	0	0	0	0	0		F	Nightwatch. Requires 2 Conspiracy marks. Play as your first action on target Legal or Nightwatch conflict. You must reveal this contingency at the start of the Resolution Round. If you lose this conflict, you may apply 2 additional influence the next turn, and the faction that applied the most opposition may apply 1 additional influence next turn.
The Trap Is Sprung	Wheel of Fire	wheel.129	0	Aftermath		0	0	0	0	0		U	Play during the resolution of a Military Conflict that targets you. The initiator's participants do not ready during the next Ready Round. Next turn, any of your fleets may rotate to attack the initiator's participant fleets. His fleets may attack your attacking fleets in return. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
The Triumviron	Giants in the Playground	gitp.5	11	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	8		F	Enigma. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 6 or more Destiny Marks. This fleet cannot be led. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a Shadow-tainted participant or a Vorlon-tainted participant, When this fleet is neutralized and does not have a Return Token, it gains a Return Token and becomes unneutralized at the end of the turn.
The Truth Is Out...	Crusade	crusade.140	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target your ambassador's assistant. As an action, rotate the target and apply 4 influence to look at another player's hand. You may then apply 1 influence to place one Event card of your choice that you find there on top of that player's deck. You may not use this ability on a race-specific event or an event with "Irrevocable" in its effect text.
The Universe Blinked	The Vorlons	vorlons.130	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	When this conflict resolves, neutralize all fleets participating in this conflict. If this conflict succeeds, reduce all your mutual tensions by 1. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, gain 1 influence or target an opponent. The target cannot initiate Military conflicts next turn.
The Universe Today	Anla'shok	rangers.114	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Media. Corporate. May be sponsored at -3 cost by a Media character. Your cost to sponsor Media characters is reduced by 1. Rotate, apply 3 influence and target an opponent who controls fewer Media cards than you. Look at a card at random from the target's hand. If it has a printed cost you may choose to discard it or restore up to 4 of your influence.
The Upper Hand	The Great War	greatwar.351	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character in another faction.  If successful, this card becomes an enhancement on the target character.  You may discard this enhancement (as an action) while the character is ready to cause the character to support or oppose a conflict as if hewere your character.
The Vorlons Respond	The Shadows	shadows.177	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Play on a conflict supported by a character with a Shadow Mark.  The Shadows lose 2 Influence.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
The Wealth of Planets	Anla'shok	rangers.115	15	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Corporate. Rotate 3 locations as an additional requirement to play this event. At the end of the resolution round, if you control more Corporate cards than all other players combined, you may neutralize up to 5 ready Inner Circle Corporate characters. Until the end of the turn, count +1 Power for each character you neutralized this way.
The White Star	The Shadows	shadows.178	7	Fleet	Babylon	0	0	0	0	2		R	Any player with 2 Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost.  This fleet cannot be enhanced.  This fleet ignores the first point of damage suffered in an attack. Rotate to add this fleet's Military to another fleet you control. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is enhancing is neutralized.
The Young Races Rise	The Shadows	shadows.179	5	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		R	For each 5 influence Babylon 5 possesses, the Influence needed by the Shadows and the Vorlons to begin the Shadow War increases by +1.
The Zathras Dynasty	Apocrypha	apocrypha.106	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		F	Must replace The Family Zathras by applying 6 influence, transfering all marks and attachments. The Zathras Dynasty retains the game text of "The Family Zathras". You may rotate two Zathras characters you control to return an Enigma conflict from your discard pile to your hand.
The Zocalo	Anla'shok	rangers.116	5	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		U	Each player may use this enhancement as an action once per turn. Rotate a Corporate character or group and discard 1 Corporate card (or 2 non-Corporate cards) from your hand to draw a card from your deck or Crusade: Corporate pile.
Their Own Destiny	The Shadows	shadows.180	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	If Babylon 5's influence is greater than Shadow Influence, no cards requiring Shadow Marks may be played for the rest of the turn.  If Babylon 5's influence is greater than Vorlon Influence, no cards requiring Vorlon Marks may be played for the rest of the turn.
Thenta Makur	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.416	7	Group	Narn	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	R	All Narn in play gain a Strife Mark while Thenta Makur is in play.
Theodore Hamilton	The Telepath War	teepwar.26	9	Character	Neutral	0	3	6	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Any version of Talia Winters can sponsor this character for free.Rotate this character to apply 2 extra influence to bid on a mercenary.
There Is Danger, Remember	Wheel of Fire	wheel.130	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one of your characters who supported or opposed the conflict and note the conflict type (Diplomacy, Intrigue, Psi, Leadership, or Military only) and the ability the target used. The target may continue to participate in conflicts of that type using this ability.
Thessin's Moon	Giants in the Playground	gitp.140	5	Location	Minbari	0	0	0	0	7		F	Moon. Religious. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location and target a Minbari character. While this location remains rotated, the target loses its Warrior Caste or Worker Caste boldface text and gains the Religious Caste boldface text.
They Are Not For You	Psi Corps	psicorps.181	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a non-Ambassador Inner Circle character with Shadow Marks. Target character is neutralized and takes severe damage equal to his number of shadow marks. Until unneutralized, the character's effect text is blanked.
They're Just Mundanes	Psi Corps	psicorps.182	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	If you are playing the Psi Corps faction, discard a Human mundane participant from your Inner Circle to gain +1 influence. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
They're Killing Us!	Severed Dreams	dreams.130	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Babylon 4 Conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. You may discard this aftermath to sponsor one character or fleet that requires the Shadow War to be in effect. You must meet and pay all other requirements to sponsor that card.
Thief Sign	Balance of Power	balance.139	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a ready Legal character. Rotate that character and ready a non-Legal character that you control.
Thieves' Guild	Crusade	crusade.141	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	U	Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark and +2 Intrigue. Rotate this group and target a player who took a pass action since your last action. The target must apply 3 influence (or all of his influence if less than 3) for no effect, and you may restore up to 3 spent influence.
Things to Come	The Shadows	shadows.181	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Rotate a seeress.  Look at the top 10 cards in your deck, but do not change their order.
Third Battle Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.417	11	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	10		R	The Third Battle Fleet cannot be the first fleet to support or oppose any conflict.
Third Battle Fleet (Minbari)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.418	10	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	9		U	
Third Squadron	The Great War	greatwar.352	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	The target fleet gains +1 Military.  As an action, the controller of the fleet may return this card to its owner's hand.
Third United Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.353	0	Fleet		0	0	0	0	15		R	Any player with no Shadow or Vorlon Marks may discard fleets he controls, loyal to at least two different races or species, with a combined Military of at least 15 to sponsor this fleet for free. This fleet inflicts additional damage during attacks equalto the number of Shadow and Vorlon Marks in the other fleet's faction.
Thirdspace	Collector's Edition	collector.8	0	Conflict	Intrigue and Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Irrevocable. Apply 10 influence when you first initiate Thirdspace. This conflict has 10 automatic support for each player in the game. If successful, this conflict re-initiates independently each turn until it loses. Each turn this conflict is successful, each player loses 1 influence and this card gains a token for each player still in the game. If, at any time, a faction has less influence than the number of tokens on Thirdspace, it is eliminated.
Thirdspace Architect	Giants in the Playground	gitp.28	7	Character	Vorlon	0	5	8	0	0	Doom, Vorlon	F	Enigma. Untouchable. Requires 2 Vorlon marks. You may sponsor Thirdspace Architect at normal cost if your faction has 5 Vorlon marks. Discard Thirdspace Architect if the Shadow War has started. While Thirdspace Architect is participating in a conflict that requires either Vorlon marks or Shadow marks, the conflict gains the boldface text Enigma. 
This Was a Mistake	The Great War	greatwar.354	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a conflict you initiated from a conflict card. The conflict must have no support or opposition. Discard the conflict. (The conflict and any other effects of the card are negated).
Thomas	Psi Corps	psicorps.184	9	Character	Neutral	0	4	5	0	0		U	All Neutral teeps you control that have 8 or fewer printed Psi gain a Strife Mark (including Thomas). At the end of resolution, if any conflicts resolved this turn that did not have participation restrictions, and you did not attack this turn, discard Thomas and neutralize a number of your Inner Circle characters equal to the number of Strife Marks on Thomas (or all characters in your Inner Circle).
Thomas the Seeker	A New Beginning	beginning.52	8	Character	Neutral	4	0	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Must replace Jinxo after any version of Aldus was put into any discard pile from play this game, transferring all marks and attached cards. Replacing Jinxo does not trigger the Babylon 5 Influence loss. When Thomas the Seeker enters play, purge all Doom marks attached to him and he gains an amount of Destiny marks equal to the Doom marks purged this way.
Thought Police	Psi Corps	psicorps.185	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		R	When determining your cost to promote a character, ignore all Psi Cops already in your Inner Circle. Whenever another player loses an opposable conflict (that he initiated), and your faction supplied at least half of the total opposition during resolution, gain +1 power (permanently).
Thoughtforce	Giants in the Playground	gitp.4	11	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	7		F	Enigma. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 8 or more Destiny Marks. This fleet cannot be led. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a Shadow-tainted participant or a Vorlon-tainted participant. Once per turn, as an action you may rotate a teep to add their current psi to this fleet’s Military.
Thoughts in Silence	Apocrypha	apocrypha.16	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		F	You may play this conflict as an action, as an additional conflict. Rotate one of your teeps as an additional cost. Target one of your neutralized characters. If successful, the target is not discarded and heals as an Inner Circle character while the rotated teep remains rotated as a sustained action. Heal 1 point of severe damage from the target for every 10 by which this conflict succeeds.
Throne Gateship	Giants in the Playground	gitp.18	12	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	14	Doom	F	Enigma. Harbinger. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 6 or more Doom Marks. This fleet can only be led by Harbinger characters. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a First One participant, a Shadow-tainted participant, or a Vorlon-tainted participant. Rotate this fleet and apply 8 influence to reveal cards from your deck until you reveal a “Thirdspace” card or a Harbinger card. Take that card into your hand and shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck.
Thug	Severed Dreams	dreams.131	4	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		C	Multiple. This character becomes loyal to your race when you sponsor him. While Thug is a Nightwatch character, he gains +1 Intrigue and a Strife Mark, and may rotate to give a Nightwatch character loyal to your race a Strife Mark for the rest of this turn.
Ties to the Mighty	The Great War	greatwar.355	0	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character who cannot become an Inner Circle character.  This enhancement's coat is equal to that character's influence cost.  The target character is no longer restricted against becoming an Inner Circle Character.
Time Jump	Severed Dreams	dreams.132	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Babylon 4 Conflict. Target a conflict in any player's discard pile that you could initiate next turn if it was in your hand. If successful, Time Jump becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction, and you may play the target conflict card during one of the next two turns (as if you had played it from your hand).
Time Stabilizer	Severed Dreams	dreams.133	4	Enhancement		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character or fleet. The target gains +1 damage resistance for each Time Stabilizer that targets a card in your faction (including this one). This damage resistance is usable only while the target is participating in a Babylon 4 Conflict.
Time of Decision	The Great War	greatwar.356	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any character who has both Doom Marks and Destiny marks. Convert one of those marks into the other type.
Tip-Top Shape	Crusade	crusade.142	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target gains +1 to the ability he used in the conflict and +1 damage resistance. Your cost to promote the target is reduced by 2.
Tirk	Giants in the Playground	gitp.23	4	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	1	0		F	Drazi. Ranger. The first time each turn Tirk is attacked by a non-Ranger character, he gains +3 damage resistance until the end of turn.
To Fight Legends	The Shadows	shadows.182	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target one of your characters. Purge a Destiny Mark from that character.  Double the character's Leadership while a fleet he is leading is attacking or being attacked by Shadow or Vorlon fleets this turn.
To Find	Anla'shok	rangers.117	8	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Rotate an Inner Circle Ranger character to search your deck for a non-Homeworld location that you could sponsor and put into play. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
To Make a Stand	The Great War	greatwar.357	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	If the Shadows or Vorlons influence is higher than Babylon 5's influence, rotate this agenda to cause Babylon 5 to gain +1 influence.  Rotate this agenda to cause a character to gain Leadership equal to his number of Destiny Marks for the rest of the turn.  Count each 3 influence Babylon 5 has as 1 power.
To Seek	Anla'shok	rangers.118	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger. Rotate your Inner Circle Ranger character to search your deck for a Ranger card or card with Ranger in its effect text and take it into your hand. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
To Stand Alone	The Shadows	shadows.183	8	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target player may only count Influence as power. All other sources of power are ignored while this enhancement is in play.  The target may discard this enhancement by applying Influence equal to 5 times his unrest.
To Strive	Anla'shok	rangers.119	8	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger. Must be sponsored by a Ranger character. Each Ranger character with a Strife mark gains +1 damage resistance. Ranger One's abilities are not reduced by damage, unless that damage is enough to neutralize him or her.
To the Victor	The Shadows	shadows.184	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 3 Shadow Marks to play.  If your faction provided more support to a conflict than the initiator's faction, reverse all non-Influence benefits the initiator gained from the conflict. You gain these benefits instead.  (Discard this aftermath afterplay.)
Toast to Victory	Severed Dreams	dreams.134	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target two players who gained influence from the conflict. Each player must, if possible, select one unneutralized supporting participant character, controlled by the other player, who is not prohibited from becoming an Inner Circle character. The selected characters are immediately promoted for free.
Tolonius VII	The Shadows	shadows.185	8	Location	Centauri	0	0	0	0	10		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  While this location is in play, you may sponsor enhancements at half cost (rounded up).
Tom Nguyen	The Telepath War	teepwar.36	6	Character	Human	4	0	0	0	0		F	When sponsored, if Lee Crawford is your Ambassador, Tom Nguyen gains the Psi Corps boldface text.While Tom Nguyen is ready, and your Ambassador is Human, your Ambassador cannot be attacked while they are supporting a conflict.
Tomorrow's Children	Crusade	crusade.143	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	Crusade. Characters and fleets which participate in this conflict using an ability other than Diplomacy are immediately neutralized after resolution of this conflict.  If successful, reduce all your mutual tension levels and your unrest by 1. If, after this effect, all your mutual tension levels and your unrest are 1, gain +1 influence.
Too Predictable	The Shadows	shadows.186	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a conflict which was not generated by a conflict or event card.  Apply influence equal to 3 plus the cost to initiate the conflict.  The conflict does not resolve.
Torvalus Dark Knife	Giants in the Playground	gitp.3	9	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	8		F	Enigma. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 6 or more Destiny Marks. This fleet cannot be led. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a Shadow-tainted participant or a Vorlon-tainted participant. This fleet cannot be attacked or targeted by events unless its controller permits it. This fleet is immune to the effects of contingencies. Any aftermaths attached to this fleet have their card text blanked.
Total War	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.419	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0	Doom	R	Your ambassador loses 2 Diplomacy and gains a Doom Mark, but gains +2 Leadership while you are at war. If a war conflict you initiate is contested but successful, you gain +1 influence and your target loses 1 influence. While opposing your conflicts or attacking your fleets, all other players' fleets gain +1 Military.
Touched By Vorlons	Wheel of Fire	wheel.131	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0	Strife, Vorlon	U	Limited. Target a Participant Character with a base Psi of 13 or higher in a faction with no Shadow Marks. The target gains a Vorlon Mark and a Strife Mark. During each Ready Round, remove up to 5 damage or 2 severe damage from the character.
Trace	Balance of Power	balance.111	2	Character	Neutral	0	6	0	2	0		F	Mercenary. When sponsoring Trace, discard N’Grath from play. N’Grath can no longer be sponsored until the end of the game. Rotate Trace to apply opposition to every Legal conflict that was initiated this turn. He becomes a participant in all these conflicts.
Trace Miller	Crusade	crusade.144	6	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	1	0		U	Corporate. Crusade. As an action, you may rotate a fleet you control to allow Trace Miller to participate in a conflict this turn using any one of his abilities, no matter which would normally be appropriate. If Trace Miller is leading a fleet loyal to your race with a printed Military of 3 or less, that fleet cannot be attacked.
Tractor Beam	A New Beginning	beginning.58	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate this enhancement and apply 2 influence. Rotate a target fleet with Military equal or lower than half the attached fleet’s military rounded down. 
Trade Pact	Psi Corps	deluxe.420	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target another race with whom you have a mutual tension of 3 or less and no Free Trade state. Characters of your two races apply double Diplomacy during resolution. If successful, there exists a state of Free Trade between your two races. While this state is in effect, factions of your two races each have +1 influence rating.
Trade Sanctions	The Great War	greatwar.359	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target any player and hold a Babylon 5 vote. If the vote passes, Babylon 5 gains +1 influence and the target must apply 4 influence for no effect at the end of the next ready round.
Trade War	The Great War	greatwar.360	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	At the end of the Ready round next turn, all players in a state of Free Trade must apply 2 influence for no effect for each state of Free Trade they are in.
Trade Windfall	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.421	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Gain +1 influence if you are in a state of Free Trade with another race.
Tragati	Balance of Power	balance.72	7	Enhancement	Minbari Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. While the attached fleet is being led, it may oppose Intrigue conflicts using its Military. It only applies half of its Military (rounded down) at resolution.
"Tragedy"	A New Beginning	beginning.55	6	Character	Human	0	2	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Medical. While "Comedy" is under your control and unneutralized, "Tragedy" can use his Intrigue in Diplomacy conflicts.
Trained in Criminal Cases	Balance of Power	balance.32	2	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Target a teep you control. The targeted teep gains the Boldface text Legal.
Transcendence	Collector's Edition	collector.1	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		F	You must have at least 20 influence to play this agenda. Count your Destiny Marks, Shadow Marks, and Vorlon Marks as power. Ignore any effect that would require you to only count your influence as power. If you have more power than any other player, you score a Major Victory. Rotate to discard a target enhancement that is not irrevocable.
Transfer Point Io	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.422	6	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	10		U	Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Rotate with a character when you sponsor a card besides a character. Reduce the cost of that card by the number of Trade Pacts in play.
Transport 11719	Balance of Power	balance.114	6	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. Can only be attached to a Neutral fleet. As an action, you may discard the attached fleet if it is ready. Target a Location you do not control. Inflict damage to that location equal to the printed Military of the discarded fleet.
Transport Freya	The Telepath War	teepwar.7	5	Enhancement	Psi Corps Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Limited. Renowned. Can only be attached to a Psi Corps fleet.You may apply 1 additional influence each turn that can only be used to sponsor or promote characters.
Transport Pilots Association Complaint	Balance of Power	balance.16	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Corporate. Legal. Leadership may be used to support this conflict. Target a faction. If successful, this faction cannot spend any temporary influence next turn. If you win by 10 or more, that faction must transfer one influence to you.
Travels towards the Unknown 	Apocrypha	apocrypha.17	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Explorer. Characters you control that are not Neutral and not loyal to to your faction apply +2 Diplomacy during resolution. If successful, reveal cards from the top of your deck until you reveal a Location card that is not loyal to your faction. Put that Location card into your hand and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck. If you succeed by 10 or more, gain +1 influence.
Treachery	Wheel of Fire	wheel.132	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Reveal at the beginning of the resolution of a Won Conflict initiated by another player which this character, or a fleet led by this character, supported. Reduce the total support from your participants to zero. The initiator of the conflict may increase his tension towards your race by 1. If the Conflict is now a Lost Conflict, gain +1 influence.
Trial By Fire	Crusade	crusade.145	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a non-Drakh, non-Major Agenda controlled by another player. That player's ambassador may participate in this conflict using any ability. If successful, you may take one agenda in your discard pile and place it in your hand. If successful by 10 or more, shuffle the target into its controller's deck.
Triangulate Position	The Telepath War	teepwar.80	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate either three of your locations or two of your sites based on the same location to apply 10 support to a conflict that is targeting a character you do not control. The locations are not considered to be a participant in the conflict.
Tried for Treason	Apocrypha	apocrypha.19	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a character in another faction. Mutual tensions between your two factions increase by 1. If successful, either demote the character if it’s an Inner Circle character or discard it from play if it is a Supporting Row character. If you win by 5 and no Legal character opposed this conflict, gain +1 Power.
Trienz Hyperspace City	Apocrypha	apocrypha.132	0	Location		0	0	0	0	15		F	Enigma. Legacy. Cannot be sponsored. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. You may apply 5 influence after an Enigma or Legacy conflict you initiated succeeds to put this location into play under your control. Rotate this location and apply 5 influence to search your deck for a Jump Gate location card and take it into your hand.
Triluminary	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.423	8	Enhancement	Minbari Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny, Vorlon	U	Target the Minbari ambassador.   The ambassador gains +2 Diplomacy while in possession of this item.  Minbari tension toward the Humans cannot rise above 4 while this item is in play.   Character gains a Destiny Mark and a Vorlon Mark.
Triple-cross	Severed Dreams	dreams.137	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a character who is opposing a conflict you initiated and purge a number of Conspiracy Marks equal to one third of the opposition the target is applying. The target is now supporting the conflict. You may apply 5 influence when you play this event to have it return to your hand at the end of the turn.
Trivial Gains	The Shadows	shadows.187	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player who gained influence this turn.  Apply 3 times the amount of influence gained.  The target loses the gained influence.
Trixie Lee	The Telepath War	teepwar.22	7	Character	Human	4	0	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps. Corporate. May replace Dark Star Dancer.Whenever Trixie Lee is targeted by an action by another player, add 1 Credit Token to her.
Trouble-Maker	The Vorlons	vorlons.131	3	Character	Centauri	0	2	0	0	0		C	Multiple. Rotate Trouble-Maker as an action to target a face-down card in play that is neither a neutralized card or a conflict. Target card is placed on top of its owner's deck.
Troubles Brewing	The Shadows	shadows.188	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a character.  The target loses 1 from each of his abilities for the rest of the turn for each Doom Mark in the character's faction.
Troup Transport Ship	Giants in the Playground	gitp.66	4	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	2		F	Rotate this fleet and target a Drakh character that is not leading a fleet. While this fleet is rotated this way, the target cannot lead a fleet and gains a bonus to their Leadership equal to the current Military of this fleet.
Truce	The Great War	greatwar.361	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Target two players in a state of War.  Neither may initiate a War conflict against the other for one turn per 5 influence spent.
Trudann	Apocrypha	apocrypha.96	7	Character	Minbari	2	4	0	0	0		F	Worker Caste. While Trudann is an Inner Circle character, he may sponsor sites at -2 influence cost.
Trulann	Crusade	crusade.146	9	Character	Minbari	2	3	0	3	0		U	Crusade. Ranger. Crusade characters may sponsor Trulann at normal cost. Trulann, and any fleet he leads, have +1 damage resistance and provide +3 additional support while supporting a Crusade conflict or a conflict initiated by an ISA member.
Trust the Corps	Anla'shok	rangers.120	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		R	Psi Corps. Media. Your ambassador gains the boldface text Media when this agenda is revealed or enters play. You can apply 1 additional influence each turn for each Psi Cop character in your Inner Circle. Psi Cop characters can use Psi to participate in Media conflicts. Neutralize a Psi Cop character as an action and purge a Conspiracy Mark to have target Diplomacy conflict that has no participation restrictions gain the boldface text Media.
Tu'Pari	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.424	9	Character	Narn	3	6	0	0	0	Strife	R	Rotate Tu'Pari and apply 8 influence to attack any character using whichever of the target's abilities is highest (target's choice if there is a tie). Any character in the target character's faction may attack Tu'Pari in return.
Tunnel of Life & Death	Psi Corps	psicorps.187	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on a teep. Reveal when a character you control is discarded. For each 4 points of Psi that this teep has, you may transfer 1 aftermath or enhancement from the discarded character to this teep.
Tuzanor	Anla'shok	rangers.121	9	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger. Must be sponsored by a Ranger character. Each player with no Shadow marks may neutralize their ready non-Ranger character to have that character gain Ranger. Each player may do this once per turn.
Twisting the Knife	The Shadows	shadows.189	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	One of your characters must have supported the conflict. The target of the conflict must have lost Influence as a result of the conflict.  Gain +1 Influence.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Tyranny Enthroned	Wheel of Fire	wheel.133	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		R	ISA. Unique. Cannot be initiated during the Action Round. You must control the ISA President. Diplomacy, Intrigue, and Military may be used in this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Global Aftermath with these effects: the ISA President card is (re)attached to your ambassador and cannot be removed. You cast all votes in ISA votes. No other ISA member can rotate your fleets for any reason. Your characters and fleets each gain +1 to all non-zero abilities. Count +1 power for each member of the ISA.
Ulkesh	The Vorlons	vorlons.132	7	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0	Vorlon	U	Enigma. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. May replace any other version of Ulkesh. Ulkesh takes no damage when attacked by non-Shadow characters. If Ulkesh is discarded from play, reduce the Vorlon Influence by 2. If the Vorlon Influence is at least 10, Ulkesh can use Psi to lead  Vorlon fleets.
Ulkesh Kosh	The Great War	greatwar.363	6	Character	Vorlon	0	0	0	5	0	2x Vorlon	R	Any player can sponsor Ulkesh Kosh into the control of any faction with Vorlon Marks. Kosh Naranek and Ambassador Kosh are removed from the game when Ulkesh Kosh is sponsored. Babylon 5 loses 4 influence when Ulkesh Kosh is sponsored. Vorlon Marks cannot be purged while Ulkesh Kosh is in play. Ulkesh Kosh is not discarded when neutralized.
Ulterior Motives	Crusade	crusade.147	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Legacy. You must purge a non-Doom Mark from a Techno-mage character to initiate this conflict. Target a non-Drakh player. If successful, choose one of the following: draw 4 cards, the target loses 1 influence, or the target must shuffle his non-Major Agenda into his deck.
Unauthorized Scan	Psi Corps	psicorps.188	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participant in a conflict other than a Psi Conflict. The target must have participated using Psi or using an ability that received a bonus based on his Psi. The character suffers damage equal to the number of Strife Marks in your faction.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Unauthorized Surgery	Balance of Power	balance.68	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Medical. Target a non-ambassador participant character that was healed this turn. The character loses its racial loyalty, species ( if any ), and becomes a Neutral character while this aftermath is attached.
Uncertain Followers	The Shadows	shadows.190	2	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	While the target's unrest is 3 or greater, the cost for him to sponsor or promote any character increases by +1.
Uncertain Futures	The Shadows	shadows.191	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play.  Target a player and apply any amount of Influence. The target player must discard 1 aftermath from his hand for each 4 Influence you apply. If the target cannot discard enough aftermaths, he must show you his hand.
Uncertain Times	The Great War	greatwar.364	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	The cost for any player to sponsor Neutral characters is increased by 2 for the rest of this turn and all of the next turn.
Under Our Protection	Severed Dreams	dreams.138	0	Contingency	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Reveal and rotate the target when a fleet in another player's faction attacks a fleet in a third faction. Reduce the damage that each fleet inflicts upon the other by an amount equal to your fleet's Military. Increase your mutual tensions with the attacker by one and decrease your mutual tensions with the attacked faction's race by one.
Under Pressure	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.425	0	Aftermath	Lost Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target participant character loses 3 Intrigue (to a minimum of 1).  Discard this aftermath when his faction wins an Intrigue conflict.
Undercover Investigation	Crusade	crusade.148	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		C	Explorer. Target a race other than your own.  Only members of the target race may oppose this conflict.  During this conflict, ignore effects which would reduce the damage your participant characters and fleets take during attacks. If successful, look at the hand of every player of that race. If you win by 15 or more, gain +1 influence.
Underground Leader	Psi Corps	psicorps.189	10	Character	Neutral	1	1	12	0	0		R	This character cannot become a Psi Corps character. No faction with a Psi Cop can sponsor this character, and this character's faction cannot sponsor Psi Cops. Rotate Underground Leader to apply 7 opposition to any conflict that targets a non-Psi Corps teep. (This does not cause Underground Leader to become a participant.)
Underground Railroad	Psi Corps	psicorps.190	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Discard this group if it is in the same faction as a Psi Cop. While ready, your cost to sponsor and promote Neutral teeps is reduced by 2. Rotate this group and target a Neutral teep. The target cannot be attacked using Psi for the rest of this turn.
Underground Resistance	The Shadows	shadows.192	3	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a location which is not loyal to the same race as the faction that controls it.  During resolution, apply opposition to any Intrigue conflicts initiated by that faction equal to 1/5 of the location's normal Military. Discard this enhancement if the location is ever controlled by a faction of the same race as the location.
Underground Telepath	The Great War	greatwar.365	9	Character	Neutral	0	0	6	0	0		U	Underground Telepath may use half his Psi as Intrigue.
Undermine Trust	The Shadows	shadows.193	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	If successful, Babylon 5 loses 1 Influence and this conflict is returned to your hand.
Undermined	Anla'shok	rangers.122	7	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Irrevocable. ISA. Cannot be plaued by an ISA member. Target an ISA faction with an unrest of 5 and apply at least 1 Intrigue when you play this event. Unless the target applies more Intrigue than you do, it is expelled from the ISA and can't rejoin this turn.
Underutilized Resources	Psi Corps	psicorps.191	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Rotate this enhancement to initiate an Intrigue conflict targeting another player. If this conflict succeeds, look at the target's hand. He must discard each card in his hand which is identical to a face-up card in play that he controls.
Underworld Connections	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.426	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target character gains +2 Intrigue for the rest of the turn.   He gains an additional +1 Intrigue for each Doom Mark he has.
Unexpected Activity	The Great War	greatwar.366	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another player. During the next Conflict round, if that player chooses not to initiate a conflict, you may play a conflict card for him which he must initiate. The selected conflict must be one the target player can validly initiate.
Unexpected Return	The Great War	greatwar.367	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. Return to play, as a supporting card for you, a character in your discard pile who can only be brought into play through replacement. (There can be no other copy of that character in play.) The character must have been in play earlier in thegame.
Unfounded Rumors	The Great War	greatwar.368	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Play on your ambassador. Reveal when a card in your faction or your faction as a whole is targeted by an aftermath. The aftermath is negated. No copy of that aftermath can target your faction for the rest of this turn.
Unheralded Losses	The Shadows	shadows.194	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 1 Shadow Mark to play.  Target a player. The target player must discard a character from his hand.  If he cannot discard a character, he must show you his hand.
United Front	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.427	0	Aftermath	Won Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Your ambassador gains +3 Diplomacy while supporting conflicts you initiate.
United We Stand	Wheel of Fire	wheel.134	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your faction and place 1 Unity Token on this Aftermath for each different race and each different species that supported your conflict. Rotate this Aftermath to apply opposition to a conflict targeting you equal to the number of Unity tokens on this card. That conflict is considered to be contested.
Unity	Wheel of Fire	wheel.135	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an Inner Circle Character.  Reveal if your Unrest is 1, it is another player's action, and he is performing an action that will increase your Unrest. Cancel the increase to your Unrest. If the other player was playing an event that would raise your Unrest, increase his Unrest by 1. If this Contingency was underneath a Drakh or Gaim character, draw 2 cards. You may apply 11 influence as an action to return this card to your hand from your discard pile.
Universal Enemy	Psi Corps	psicorps.192	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	The winner of the conflict must have gained 3 or more influence this turn (from any combination of sources). Target a participant fleet or character, and note the ability that he used in the conflict. Any fleet or character may attack the target using that ability, even if the target is not participating in a conflict.
Universal Policeman	Wheel of Fire	wheel.136	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. If successful, this conflict becomes a Global Aftermath targeting all ISA members. This aftermath applies +1 automatic opposition for each unneutralized fleet controlled by an ISA member to any conflict in which Military may be used and that could force an ISA member to lose influence. (Determine and apply the opposition at resolution.)
Universe Today Feature	The Great War	deluxe.428	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Increase or decrease one other race's tension toward any one race by 1.
University Complex	The Great War	greatwar.370	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a location loyal to its controller's race.  All Aides, Agents and Captains loyal to the target location's race gain +1 to their starting ability.  This bonus is not cumulative with other University Complexes.
Unpopular Goals	The Great War	greatwar.371	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a faction with a Major Agenda. If successful, the target loses 1 influence, and all other factions of the target's race gain +1 influence. In addition if this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you gain +1 influence.
Unpopular Intervention	The Great War	greatwar.372	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	At the beginning of the Resolution round, increase by 1 the unrest of each player who participated in a war conflict not initiated by or targeting that player.
Unrecognized Data	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.429	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a fleet.  The target fleet cannot be attacked for the rest of the turn.
Unrelenting Pressure	The Shadows	shadows.195	0	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target a rotated non-ambassador character and apply any amount of Influence. The target character cannot ready. Any player may 1 more Influence than you applied when sponsoring this card to remove it.
Unscrupulous Telepath	The Telepath War	teepwar.86	8	Character	Centauri	2	1	6	0	0		F	Rotate Unscrupulous Telepath to look at the top 3 cards of target opponent’s deck. You may apply 5 influence or purge a Doom mark from Unscrupulous Telepath to place one of those cards in that opponent’s discard pile and place the remaining cards back on top of their deck in any order you choose. Otherwise, the cards must be placed back on top in their original order.
Unstuck in Time	Severed Dreams	dreams.139	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a participant non-ambassador character or fleet in a Babylon 4 Conflict. Place the target face-down in the target's controller's deck and shuffle that deck. Treat this aftermath as a copy of the target, which can take no actions, has no effect text or abilities, and cannot be affected by anything. All cards that were attached to the target are now attached to this aftermath. The target's controller may replace this aftermath with any exact copy of the target card, transferring all attached cards.
Unsung Hero	The Shadows	shadows.196	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Whenever the target character gains a mark, you may apply 10 Influence to cause the mark to instead be gained by any character of your choice.
Upgraded Defenses	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.430	5	Enhancement	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique.  Babylon 5 gains +4 influence.
Ur'nammu	Wheel of Fire	wheel.137	6	Character	Drakh	2	2	2	1	0	Strife	C	Rotate Ur'nammu and target a character. The target suffers 1 damage for each Lost Aftermath attached to him and 1 damage for each Doom Mark attached to him.
Urza Jaddo	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.431	10	Character	Centauri	6	1	0	4	0		F	The Centauri player loses 1 power for each 3 Shadow Marks in his faction while Urza Jaddo is in play.
Use the Machine	The Vorlons	vorlons.133	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	Enigma. Rotate a character with a Destiny mark to play this event. Look at a number of cards from the top of your deck equal to the number of Neutral Enigma characters and locations in play. Take one of these cards into your hand and return the rest to your deck in the same order.
Utility Fleet (Centauri)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.432	5	Fleet	Centauri	0	0	0	0	4		C	Multiple.
Utility Fleet (Human)	Psi Corps	deluxe.433	5	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	4		C	Multiple.
Utility Fleet (Narn)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.434	4	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	3		C	Multiple.
Utriel	Balance of Power	balance.46	9	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	8		F	Abbai. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. At the end of each turn in which another faction caused you to lose influence, and there are less than 3 Fishing Tokens on this location, add a Fishing Token to this location. You may spend an additional amount of influence each turn equal to the Fishing Tokens on this location.
VIP Involvement	Severed Dreams	dreams.140	9	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target an opposable conflict with no participation restrictions in which there are 3 or more characters supporting the conflict who are Grey Council Members, Senators, Generals, Lords, Ministers, Kha'Ri characters, and/or Species Ambassadors. Each unneutralized character supporting the conflict that has any of these titles applies +5 support during resolution.
Va'Kal (discard)	The Vorlons	vorlons.134	7	Character	Narn	4	2	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Kha'Ri Intelligence. Discard an Enhancement or Narn card from hand as an action to give this character +2 Diplomacy or Intrigue until the end of the turn.
Valen	The Vorlons	vorlons.135	0	Character	Minbari	6	6	0	10	0	Destiny, 3x Vorlon	R	Unique. Irrevocable. Enigma. Ranger. Replace your Entil'Zha if you have at least 5 Babylon 4 Won Aftermaths targeting your faction, transferring all attached cards and marks. Your influence rating is increased by 2. Valen can only participate in Babylon 4 conflicts. Valen cannot attack and cannot be attacked. Rotate Valen as an action to add support or opposition to a conflict equal to the number of Babylon 4 Won Afterrmaths targetting your faction.
Valen Class Cruiser	Balance of Power	balance.89	7	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	3		F	Any member of the ISA may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. When attacked, this fleet inflicts 1 point of damage on the fleet attacking it before damage is dealt. Rotate this fleet an apply 1 influence to target a “Hyperspace Getaway” contingency in your discard pile and attach it to this fleet.
Valen's Gift	Anla'shok	rangers.123	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. May be sponsored for free if your ambassador is Minbari or has a Vorlon mark. Neutralize your ambassador to sponsor a Ranger character at -4 cost. Once per game, you may discard from play a copy of Valen's Gift to promote a Ranger character for free then search your deck for a Ranger or Minbari card and take it into your hand, you can't be targeted by Doomed Expedition for the rest of this turn.
Valen's Pledge	Collector's Edition	collector.0	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		F	Unique. Play on the "Babylon 4" conflict if your non-Ambassador Ranger One supported it. Reduce Shadow Influence by one third, remove Ranger One from the game, discard all Shadow fleets, and reduce Human-Minbari tensions by 1. Search your deck, take one Vorlon character into your hand, and play it for free. Discard this aftermath after play.
Valen's War	Severed Dreams	dreams.141	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. If this is at least the sixth Babylon 4 conflict you have won, target your faction. You may discard this aftermath during the Resolution Round and target either the Vorlons or the Shadows. The target loses half of its influence and you gain +2 influence.
"Valeria"	The Vorlons	vorlons.136	6	Character	Vorlon	0	0	11	0	0		R	Enigma. Ephemeral. Untouchable. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks. Can be sponsored by Minbari factions at normal cost. Discard this character as an action and choose either Diplomacy, Intrigue or Leadership. All Minbari characters gain +2 to that ability until the end of the turn and the Vorlon Influence is increased by 2. "Valeria" is not a version of Kosh.
Valuable Insights	The Telepath War	teepwar.75	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	As your first or second action, target a conflict. At resolution, all participants apply an additional amount of support or opposition equal to the number of disctinct boldface texts they have that are neither a racial or species boldface text.
Varn	The Vorlons	vorlons.137	9	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. Enigma. Choose an opponent when this character enters play. While Varn is in play, even when neutraized, that opponent must discard the top card of their deck at the beginning of each turn unless they control an Enigma card.
Varona	The Telepath War	teepwar.41	3	Enhancement	Psi Corps Fleet	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Psi Corps. Renowned. The attached fleet gains a Vorlon mark.Rotate the attached fleet as an action to reduce the influence cost of the next location you sponsor by 2, if that location requires any Vorlon marks.
Vastor	Balance of Power	balance.103	5	Character	Minbari	0	0	0	4	0		F	Warrior Caste. May replace Minbari Captain. When leading a fleet that has a Renowned enhancement attached, Vastor gains +1 Leadership.
Vendetta	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.435	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	R	Target one of your characters.  Play only after another player has neutralized one of your supporting characters in an attack.  Your target character gains a Strife Mark whenever attacking the neutralized character's attacker.
Vengeance Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.374	5	Fleet	Narn	0	0	0	0	3		R	This fleet inflicts +2 additional damage during attacks for each other fleet you control that was neutralized this turn.
Venus	Giants in the Playground	gitp.138	7	Location	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	10		F	May be sponsored by a Psi Corps faction at normal cost. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Rotate this location and target one of your teeps. That character gains a bonus to their Psi equal to the number of Vorlon marks they have.
Verano, Puppet of the Drakh	Balance of Power	balance.95	10	Character	Drakh	4	6	0	1	0	Doom	F	Centauri Regent. Minister. Requires 3 Chaos Tokens. May replace The Regent. Cannot enter play if a Centauri Emperor is in play. Each time a War conflict is initiated by any player, place a Chaos Token on this character. You may rotate this character as an action and discard any number of Chaos Tokens from him to apply double the amount of discarded Chaos Tokens as support for a Military conflict.
Veteran Fleet	The Shadows	shadows.198	4	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		P	Target fleet gains +1 Military.
Vicious Blow	The Great War	greatwar.376	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when the character neutralizes his target in an attack.  The attacked character suffers 2 additional severe damage.
Vicious Rumors	The Great War	greatwar.377	0	Aftermath	Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target a participant character with a Doom Mark.  The target's highest ability is reduced by 1.  The target faction's unrest increases by +1.  Purge a Doom Mark from the target character.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Victory	Crusade	crusade.149	7	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	5		R	ISA. Any ISA member may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. Victory has +3 damage resistance during attacks involving a Drakh, Shadow, or Vorlon Fleet. As an action, the ambassador of an ISA faction may rotate to remove up to 5 damage from Victory. Victory applies +7 opposition at resolution if opposing a conflict that requires Vorlon or Shadow Marks, or that can only be initiated by a Drakh faction.
Victory in My Grasp	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.436	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate your ambassador.  Increase all fleets' Military ratings by +1 for each Destiny Mark your ambassador has for the rest of the turn.
Vir Cotto, Distinguished Lord	Apocrypha	apocrypha.89	0	Character	Centauri	6	4	0	1	0		F	Must replace Ambassador Cotto. This character is considered to be Ambassador Cotto for the purpose of being replaced by Emperor Cotto. These replacements transfer all Marks and attachments. Cannot be attacked by Techno-mage characters. Techno-mage characters you control are considered Lords or Ladies and are considered to be loyal to your faction. Rotate a Techno-mage character to give this character +1 to all abilities and +1 damage resistance (sustainable).
Visions in Time	Psi Corps	psicorps.194	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target another faction. Any Seeress or Techno-Mage may participate using her highest ability, which is doubled (during resolution). Seeress and Techno-Mage participants cannot be attacked (in this conflict). If successful, look at the top 10 cards of thetarget's deck. For each Seeress or Techno-Mage that supported the conflict, you may discard 1 of the cards. Place the remaining cards on top of his deck, in any order you choose.
Visit the Alien Sector	The Telepath War	teepwar.6	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	If successful, this conflict becomes a Faction aftermath that reads: “Discard this aftermath to sponsor at normal cost a character that is not of your race, nor Shadow, Vorlon or First One.” If you succeed by 5 or more, reduce the mutual tension between your faction and another faction by 1.
Vital Interests	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.438	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		R	If you initiate a war conflict, and the conflict is successful, your target loses 1 influence. Apply 5 influence during the draw round, or discard this enhancement.
Vladimir Tokash	The Telepath War	teepwar.56	8	Character	Human	6	2	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Senator. Legal. Vladimir Tokash can oppose Psi conflicts using his Diplomacy. If he does so, the conflict he is participating in permantently gains the Legal boldface text.
Vocator Jaddo	The Vorlons	vorlons.138	9	Character	Centauri	1	7	0	3	0	Doom	R	Minister. May replace Urza Jaddo, transferring all attached cards and marks.
Voice of the Resistance	The Great War	greatwar.380	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Rotate this group, apply 3 influence and target a Media card.  Rotate the target (if ready) for no effect.  In addition, its effect text is blanked for the rest of the turn.
Void of Space	Apocrypha	apocrypha.141	6	Location	Drakh	0	0	0	0	7		F	Multiple. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. At the end of each turn in which a player took a non-pass action after another player passed, add a Chaos Token to this card. Discard an amount of Chaos Tokens from this location equal to triple the current unrest of a faction to increase that faction’s unrest by 1.
Void of Space	Apocrypha	apocrypha.142	6	Location	Drakh	0	0	0	0	7		F	Multiple. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Each time you purge a Shadow mark, add a Chaos Token to this location. You may discard two Chaos Tokens from this location to add a Shadow mark to a character you control.
Void of Space	Apocrypha	apocrypha.143	6	Location	Drakh	0	0	0	0	7		F	Multiple. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Each time a Ranger card enters play, add a Chaos Token to this location. Discard six Chaos Tokens from this card to reduce the Babylon 5 Influence by 2.
Vorlon	Wheel of Fire	wheel.138	15	Character	Vorlon	0	0	20	0	0	Strife, 2x Vorlon	R	Multiple. Requires 5 Vorlon Marks to sponsor. Any player with 8 Vorlon Marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. May use half his Psi as Diplomacy, Intrigue, or Military. Cannot be blanked. Each Ready Round, remove 2 points of damage or severe damage from this character. Cannot participate in a conflict unless it requires Shadow or Vorlon Marks.
Vorlon Allies	The Great War	greatwar.381	5	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	U	Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor.  Target one of your locations.  The target location gains a Vorlon Mark (which applies to your faction total) and gains +5 Military. While target by a conflict which requires Shadow Marks to initiate, this location gains +10 Military.
Vorlon Cruiser	The Shadows	shadows.199	8	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	4		U	Multiple. Any player with 3 Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if a Vorlon location is in play. This fleet cannot be led or targeted by a non-Vorlon enhancement. This fleet ignores the first 3 points of damage suffered in any attack. Rotate to add this fleet's Military and 1 point of damage resistance to any other Vorlon Fleet in play. This fleet is neutralized if the fleet it is aiding is neutralized.
Vorlon Dreams	The Great War	greatwar.382	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 4 Vorlon Marks to initiate.  If successful, this card becomes a faction enhancement for you.  Once per turn, this enhancement allows you to purge a Vorlon Mark to reduce your cost to sponsor or promote characters of other races by an amount equal to your remaining Vorlon Marks.
Vorlon Enhancement	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.439	10	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 4 Vorlon marks to play.  Target a character with a Psi of 1 or more.  That characters Psi is raised to 15.
Vorlon Guidance	Giants in the Playground	gitp.141	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	F	Requires 1 Vorlon mark. Target a Lost aftermath or a Lost Participant aftermath attached to a card you do not control. Discard the targeted aftermath. Your ambassador gains a Vorlon mark.
Vorlon Order	The Great War	greatwar.383	10	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 7 Vorlon Marks to sponsor.  When sponsored, name an event that does not require Shadow Marks to play.  That event cannot be played while this enhancement remains in play.
Vorlon Planet Killer	The Great War	greatwar.384	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Irrevocable. Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to initiate, and the Shadow War must be in effect.  Each turn, the Vorlon Planet Killer targets the location with the lowest Military in the faction with the most Shadow Marks, or (if none), in any faction with no Vorlon Marks.  This conflict has automatic support equal to 75 plus Vorlon influence.  If successful, remove the target location from the game, and this conflict is automatically reinitiated next turn (as an additional conflict).  If unsuccessful, the Vorlons lose one quarter of their influence.
Vorlon Protection	The Shadows	shadows.200	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Requires 5 Vorlon Marks to initiate.  If successful, this conflict becomes a faction enhancement.  This adds military to each of your locations equal to half the Vorlon's Influence.
Vorlon Proxy	The Shadows	shadows.201	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target your faction. You must have more Vorlon Marks than any other player.  Discard this card to cause the Vorlons to vote as you dictate for one Babylon 5 vote.  Discard this card if another faction has more Vorlon Marks than your faction.
Vorlon Renegade	Wheel of Fire	wheel.139	15	Character	Neutral	0	0	16	0	0	Strife, Vorlon	R	Requires 10 Vorlon Marks to sponsor. For each Vorlon Mark in your faction, reduce your cost to promote this character by 1. Cannot be targeted by enhancements. May use half his Psi as Diplomacy, Intrigue, or Military. Each Ready Round, remove 2 points of damage or severe damage from this character. Cannot support a conflict unless it requires Vorlon Marks. Cannot oppose a conflict unless it requires Shadow Marks.
Vorlon Representative	Apocrypha	apocrypha.91	7	Character	Vorlon	6	2	11	0	0	3x Vorlon	F	Ephemeral. Untouchable. Any faction with at least 6 Vorlon marks may sponsor this character at normal cost. May only participate in conflicts which already have a tainted participant. This character takes no damage when attacked by non-Shadow characters. Rotate this character to prevent the purge or transfer of a Vorlon mark from your faction that is caused by another player.
Vorlon Rescue	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.440	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Requires 2 or more Vorlon Marks on the target neutralized participant Inner Circle character. The character becomes rotated (if ready), unneutralized with no damage. Discard any enhancement or aftermath targeting this character which can cause damage to this character.
Vorlon Scout	Giants in the Playground	gitp.46	7	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	5	Vorlon	F	Enigma. Any player may sponsor this fleet if they have at least 3 Vorlon Marks for normal cost. This fleet has 1 damage resistance. May only be targeted by Vorlon enhancements. May only be led by Vorlon characters. All Vorlon fleets gain +1 damage resistance while this fleet is ready.
Vorlon Space	The Shadows	shadows.202	6	Location	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unless specifically permitted, no effect can target Vorlon Space.  Any player with 3 Vorlon Marks may sponsor this location at normal cost. The location does not join any player's faction, it is under the control of the Vorlons. Rotate Vorlon Space to cause the Vorlons to gain +1 Influence when a card is played which provides or requires Vorlon Marks.
Vorlon Strike Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.385	13	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	15		R	Any player with 4 or more Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect.  This fleet has 4 damage resistance.  May only be targeted by Vorlon enhancements.  May only be led by Vorlon characters.  This fleet must support a Military conflict requiring Vorlon Marks to initiate if any are in play.  May not support any other conflict.
Vorlon Universe	The Great War	greatwar.386	0	Agenda	Major	0	0	0	0	0		R	You must have at least 20 power to sponsor this agenda.  If all factions in the game have at least 1 Vorlon Mark and your faction has more influence than any other faction, you score a Major Victory this turn.
Vorlon War Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.387	15	Fleet	Vorlon	0	0	0	0	20		R	Any player with 6 or more Vorlon Marks may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War is in effect.  This fleet has 5 damage resistance.  May only be targeted by Vorlon enhancements.  May only be led by Vorlon characters.  This fleet must support a Military conflict requiring Vorlon marks to initiate if any are in play.  May not support any other conflict.  May only oppose conflicts which require Shadow Marks.
Vorlons Ascendent	The Shadows	shadows.203	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	C	Target one of your characters who supported the conflict who has a Vorlon Mark.  The Vorlons gain +1 Influence.  The character gains a Vorlon Mark.
Vree Saucers	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.441	5	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	3		R	Any player may sponsor this fleet at double normal influence cost.  While ready, any fleet that attacks one of your fleets suffers 1 point of damage after the attack is resolved.
Wade	Psi Corps	psicorps.195	8	Character	Neutral	1	5	0	0	0	Strife	R	Your cost to sponsor and promote Wade is reduced by an amount equal to your race's tension level with the race (if any) with the single highest total Psi in play.
Wade, Corporate Thug	Anla'shok	rangers.124	4	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0	Doom	C	Corporate. Corporate Faction Ambassador's Assistant. May be replaced by Wade, tranferring the bold-faced text Corporate, all attached cards and marks.
Walkabout	The Shadows	shadows.204	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a non-Ambassador participant character.  If the initiator lost the conflict by 5 or more, the target cannot sustain or ready next turn. For each additional 5 by which the conflict was lost and for each Doom Mark on the target character, the targetcannot ready for an additional turn.  Discard this aftermath when its effect expires.
Walker Smith	The Vorlons	vorlons.139	6	Character	Human	0	2	0	2	0	Strife	C	Can be sponsored at normal cost by a Mu'Tai character. Whenever Walker Smith is attacked, you may neutralize him to neutralize all other characters involved in the attack. The attack is then cancelled.
Walkers of Sigma 957	Giants in the Playground	gitp.2	11	Fleet	First One	0	0	0	0	10		F	Enigma. Fundamental. Allergic to Vorlon-tainted and Shadow-tainted cards. You may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if your faction has 6 or more Destiny Marks. This fleet cannot be led. This fleet can only participate in conflicts which already have a Shadow-tainted participant or a Vorlon-tainted participant. While this fleet is participating in a conflict, all other  participants have their Military reduced by 2.
Walking Stick	The Vorlons	vorlons.140	6	Enhancement	Vorlon Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Weapon. If the attached character is not neutralized, you may purge a Vorlon mark from it as an action to target a character that is supporting or opposing a conflict. The target takes 1 damage and then gains -1 to all abilities for each mark it has until the end of the turn.
War Across the Stars	Balance of Power	balance.22	2	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		F	While the Shadow War is in effect, all Military conflicts are considered War conflicts.
War College	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.442	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Your cost to sponsor any character with Leadership greater than 0 is reduced by 2.
War Crimes Trial	Severed Dreams	dreams.142	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		R	"Unique. Must be initiated by a Non-Aligned player. As your next action this turn, call a Babylon 5 vote. Each player who votes "no" must apply all his available influence for no effect. If the vote passes, double this conflict's support at resolution. If this conflict is successful, gain +1 influence.
War Fever	The Great War	greatwar.389	5	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your faction.  All your characters lose 1 Diplomacy.  Rotate War Fever and target a Military conflict you initiated which targets a card in another player's faction or that faction as a whole.  Apply support to the conflict equal to your tension toward that faction.
War Footing	The Great War	greatwar.390	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	You may have two copies of any of your race's Limited fleets in play at the same time. (If this agenda leaves play or is blanked, you must return any extra copies of the limited fleets to your hand). Gain +1 influence for each war conflict you win by 10 or more.
War Hero	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.443	0	Aftermath	Won Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target an ambassador after his faction captures a location.  The ambassador gains +2 Diplomacy and +2 Leadership.
War Protesters	The Great War	greatwar.391	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target two factions in a state of War.  If successful, each of those two factions must apply additional influence equal to their unrest to initiate war conflicts against the other.  This effect expires when the war ends.
War by Popular Decree	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.444	5	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a player who has 3 or more unrest and choose a race toward whom the player's race has a tension of 5.  The player's race declares war against the chosen race.
War of Information	Psi Corps	psicorps.196	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 1 influence for each teep you control. All those characters gain +1 Psi (for the rest of the turn). All characters you control lose 1 Diplomacy, 1 Intrigue, and 1 Leadership (for the rest of the turn).
Warding Runes	Giants in the Playground	gitp.109	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage character you control. Reveal when this character is targeted with an event that requires any type of marks, a Legacy event, or an Enigma event. Negate that event.
Wargames	The Great War	greatwar.392	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		R	Any faction may be supported in this conflict.  The faction with the most support gains +1 influence.
Warleader Na'Tok	Balance of Power	balance.94	12	Character	Narn	4	4	0	6	0	Conspiracy	F	Narn Warleader. Member of the Kha’Ri.  Must replace General Na’Tok, transferring all attached cards and marks. When Warleader Na’Tok enters play, you may search your deck for a “Declaration of War” and take it into your hand. Any fleet led by Warleader Na’Tok has +2 damage resistance. Any Neutral or United Fleet led by Warleader Na’Tok has +2 Military.
Warleader's Fleet	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.446	12	Fleet	Minbari	0	0	0	0	11		R	None of your Minbari fleets except the Warleader's Fleet or the Grey Council Fleet may participate in any conflict while the Warleader's Fleet is ready.
Warlock Destroyers	Crusade	crusade.150	8	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	10		U	You must be an ISA member or have 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor this fleet.
Warpath	The Vorlons	vorlons.141	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires the Shadow War to be in effect. Target an opponent with whom you are at war. If this conflict succeeds, target and neutralize a fleet controlled by the target. If this conflict succeeds by 5 or more, target an neutralize a location controlled by the target. If this conflict succeeds by 10 or more, you either gain 1 influence or return this conflict to your hand.
Warren Keffer	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.447	5	Character	Human	0	0	0	2	0		C	Any fleet Warren Keffer is leading suffers 1 less damage than normal during each attack.
Warren Keffer (leadership)	The Vorlons	vorlons.142	5	Character	Human	0	1	0	3	0		C	EarthForce. Warren Keffer gains +2 Leadership while leading a fleet.
Warrior Caste	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.448	5	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		R	Increase your unrest by 1 when sponsored.   All your religious and worker caste Minbari are -1 to each ability.   All your warrior caste Minbari gain +1 Intrigue and +1 Leadership.
Warrior Twins	A New Beginning	beginning.81	8	Character	Narn	1	2	0	2	0	2x Strife	F	Warrior. Warrior Twins can only participate in Diplomacy conflicts by attacking a participant. They cannot support or oppose Diplomacy conflicts.
Warriors Council	Severed Dreams	dreams.143	0	Agenda	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		C	May only be sponsored by a Home Faction Ambassador. If your race has no vote in Babylon 5 votes, you may cast the vote for your race. You may sponsor cards as if 2 factions of your race were in play. All of your Warrior Caste characters gain +1 Diplomacy. While your ambassador is Alyt Neroon or Shai Alyt Neroon, he gains a Destiny Mark and a Strife Mark.
Watch Your Back	Severed Dreams	dreams.144	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		C	Babylon 4 Conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Won Aftermath targeting your faction. As an action, you may discard this aftermath to fully heal a character you control and/or discard one aftermath or enhancement of your choice attached to that character.
We Are Both Damned	Psi Corps	psicorps.198	0	Aftermath	Won Intrigue or Military	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target two characters in the initiator's faction. Choose one of the two characters (but not the ambassador) and reduce all of his abilities by an amount equal to both characters' combined Doom Marks. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
We Are Not Impressed	The Great War	greatwar.393	3	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		U	All players may only count influence as power. (All other sources of power are ignored.) Any player may initiate a conflict of any type which, if successful, discards this card. Events cannot target this enhancement.
We Are One	Wheel of Fire	wheel.140	0	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	ISA. Apply influence equal to the number of ISA members when you sponsor this card. Any Faction Enhancement that could be played on any current ISA member, except those that must target their sponsor or a specific race, may be sponsored directly to this card at normal cost.  Faction Enhancements attached to this card target all ISA members, as if a copy of the enhancement was played on each of them. If this causes the same card to target a faction twice (a normal Faction Enhancement and one attached tothis card), ignore the normal Faction Enhancement.
We Can't Allow That	The Shadows	shadows.205	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	You may participate in a conflict that excludes your race or faction. The restriction is lifted for cards in your faction only. You must abide by all other restrictions in the conflict. Any other players who participate in the conflict may raise their tension toward you by 1 during resolution.
We Have Always Been Here	Wheel of Fire	wheel.141	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	When you play a non-agenda card, you may play it as if Vorlon Influence was equal to the number of Vorlon Marks in your faction.
We Say It's Over	Giants in the Playground	gitp.162	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	ISA. Irrevocable. Unique if won. The combined influence of all ISA members must be at least twice combined Shadow and Vorlon influence to initiate this conflict. Military may be used in this conflict. If successful, Kosh Naranek and all First One, all Shadow and Vorlon locations and characters are removed from the game, including Ambassador Kosh, Vorlon Space, and Z’ha’dum Awakened, but not Lyta Empowered. Discard all First One, Shadow and Vorlon Fleets. Purge all Shadow and Vorlon Marks. The Shadow War is over. Shadow and Vorlon influence drops to zero and cannot increase.
We Serve The One	Anla'shok	rangers.125	4	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. Ranger characters in Ranger One's faction may sponsor Ranger cards of any race at printed cost ignoring all other cost modifications.
We Think Alike	Psi Corps	psicorps.199	0	Conflict	Psi	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target an agenda in play that you could sponsor or replace your current agenda with. Diplomacy may be used to oppose this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a copy of the target as printed in all respects and is your new Agenda (remove from playany Agenda you already had in play).
We'll Take Over	Crusade	crusade.151	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Irrevocable. Legacy. Target your faction. Demote all of your non-ambassador, non-Techno-mage characters. Non-Techno-mage characters cannot join your Inner Circle by any means. Rotate to promote a Techno-mage character you control for free. When a Techno-mage character you control is attacked, you may immediately rotate this card and another Techno-mage character you control to reduce the damage inflicted by 5.
Weapons Check	The Telepath War	teepwar.121	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Legal. Target a Weapon enhancement you do not control that is attached to a character participating in a conflict. If its controller controls at least two additional Weapon enhancements, discard the targeted Weapon enhancement.
Wear and Tear	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.449	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Inflict 1 point of damage on every fleet that participated in the conflict. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Welcoming Committee	The Telepath War	teepwar.20	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		F	Limited. Target your faction and target another faction with whom you have a mutual tension of 3 or less. Characters loyal to any of your two factions apply double Diplomacy during resolution. If successful, this card becomes a Global aftermath that reads: ‘The targeted factions can sponsor characters at -2 influence cost. Discard this aftermath at the end of the Action Round.”
Well Publicized	The Great War	greatwar.394	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target the initiator when he gained influence from the conflict.  Rotate a media character you control.  The initiator gains +1 power.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Well of Forever	Crusade	crusade.152	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		U	Crusade. Legacy. Requires 2 Destiny Marks. Any player may be supported in this conflict.  Only Legacy and Crusade characters may participate in this conflict, using their single highest ability. The player with the single most support gains +1 influence.Also, he may look at the hand of one player in the game, and may choose to discard 1 card of his choice found in that hand.
What Are You?	The Great War	greatwar.395	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		C	Target an Inner Circle character loyal to a race other than its faction's race.  Demote the target to a supporting character.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
What Do You Want?	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.450	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Shadow	C	Any player who wishes rotates his ambassador.  Each ambassador who rotates gains a Shadow Mark.  The Shadows gain +1 influence for each mark taken.
What Were You Thinking?	The Great War	greatwar.396	0	Aftermath	Lost	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play when a player other than the initiator gained influence from the conflict.  The initiator of the conflict loses 1 influence.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
What Will This Buy?	Balance of Power	balance.121	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target one of your ready characters. Start a Bidding War as if it were a Mercenary. You may apply an additional amount of influence equal to the highest bid for this character. The highest bidder gains control of the targeted character until the end of the turn.
Whatever Looks Dead...	Apocrypha	apocrypha.109	0	Conflict	Leadership	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a non-Unique character in any discard pile that was placed there from play since the beginning of the previous turn. This conflict has an automatic opposition equal to the highest printed ability of the target. If succesful, and your faction is allowed to sponsor the targeted character, sponsor it from the discard pile to your Supporting Row for free. If you win this conflict by 20 or more, you may immediately promote the targeted character if allowed.
Wheel of Fire	Wheel of Fire	wheel.143	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		R	Any ability may be used in this conflict. Any faction may be supported in this conflict. At resolution, for each participant character who supported this conflict, add his current abilities he did not use in this conflict to the support from the abilityhe did use. The player with the highest total may neutralize one location in play of his choice, including Z'ha'dum Awakened or Vorlon Space.
When Duty Calls	The Shadows	shadows.206	0	Aftermath	Won	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Target a neutralized non-Ambassador participant character.  That character gains a Destiny Mark.
Where No Others Will Enter	Anla'shok	rangers.126	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger. Any player may apply 5 influence as an action and target a Ranger character. For the rest of the turn, the target (and any fleet it leads) may participate in any conflict that excludes the target's race or faction. All other restrictions on the conflict must still be obeyed.
Whisper Galleries	Giants in the Playground	gitp.12	9	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	18	Doom	F	Enigma. Explorer. Legacy. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Soul Hunter characters in your Inner Circle may sponsor this location for free. Your ambassor gains a Doom mark. While this location is in play, all effects by other factions affecting any discard pile or cards in any discard pile, have an additional cost of purging either a Destiny, Shadow or Vorlon mark.
White Star 2	Anla'shok	rangers.127	5	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Ranger. Squadron. Flagship. You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this card to any other valid fleet you control at the end of the ready round. May only target a Babylon 5 or United fleet. The attached fleet gets +2 Military. While being led by a Ranger character, the fleet gains Strife marks equal to the Strife marks on its leader(s) and +1 Military for each leader it has.
White Star 27	Anla'shok	rangers.128	1	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Ranger. Squadron. Target a Babylon 5 or United fleet. Fleet applies damage it inflicts from Strife marks first during attacks and gets +1 Military.
White Star 90	Anla'shok	rangers.129	3	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Limited. Ranger. Squadron. Target a Babylon 5 or United fleet. Fleet gains +2 Military and +1 damage resistance.
White Star Attack Wing	Anla'shok	rangers.130	8	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	5		R	Ranger. May be sponsored by a Ranger character at printed cost ignoring all cost modifications. While this fleet is attacking it gets +2 damage resistance, and ignores damage from Strife marks.
White Star Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.397	11	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	12		R	Any player may sponsor this fleet at normal cost if the Shadow War has begun and if The White Star has ever entered play.  This fleet has 2 damage resistance.  While attacking a Shadow or Vorlon fleet, this fleet gains a Strife Mark and ignores the target's damage resistance and Strife Marks.  If the Shadow War is in effect, this fleet cannot rotate to support conflicts.
White Star Gunner	The Telepath War	teepwar.147	6	Character	Minbari	0	0	0	2	0		F	Religious Caste. Ranger. When you sponsor “The White Star” and this card is in your deck, you may search your deck for this card, reveal it, and take it into your hand. If you do not find this card, you surrender unconditionally. Shuffle your deck afterwards.While White Star Gunner is leading a fleet with “White Star” in its card title, that fleet gains a Strife mark.
White Star Patrol Wing	Anla'shok	rangers.131	8	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	5		U	Ranger. May be sponsored by a Ranger character at printed cost ignoring all cost modifications. Damage resistance +2 while supporting or opposing a conflict. Applies +4 ability when opposing a Military conflict that would directly cause Babylon 5 or a faction with a Ranger ambassador to lose influence if it succeeded.
White Star Recon Wing	Anla'shok	rangers.132	7	Fleet	Babylon 5	0	0	0	0	5		C	Multiple. Ranger. May be sponsored by a Ranger character at printed cost ignoring all cost modifications. This fleet cannot attack. When this fleet opposes a Military conflict played by another player, that player must reveal their hand to you.
Who Are You?	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.451	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0	Vorlon	C	Any player who wishes rotates his ambassador.  Each ambassador who rotates gains a  Vorlon mark.  The Vorlons gain +1 influence for each mark taken.
Who Do You Serve?	Wheel of Fire	wheel.144	10	Event	Drakh	0	0	0	0	0		U	Unique. Irrevocable. Your influence must be higher than combined Shadow and Vorlon influence. Discard a number of cards from the top of your deck equal to combined Shadow and Vorlon influence. Kosh Naranek and all Shadow and Vorlon locations and characters are removed from the game, including Ambassador Kosh. Discard all Shadow and Vorlon fleets. Purge all Shadow and Vorlon Marks not on Drakh Characters. The Shadow War is over. Shadow and Vorlon influence drops to zero and cannot increase. Put a Chaos Token on every Drakh card in play.
Who's Your Little Pak'ma'ra?	Crusade	crusade.153	8	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Target a Pak'ma'ra Character. The target gains a Destiny Mark, the effect text Media, and becomes loyal to the Centauri, Human, Minbari, and Narn while targeted by this enhancement. As an action, discard this enhancement and designate another player. That player cannot target you with conflicts next turn.
Why Are You Here?	Severed Dreams	dreams.146	0	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unique. Rotate Lorien to sponsor this card, for free, even if he is a supporting character. Target your ambassador. The target gains +5 to each ability and 5 points of damage resistance. Rotate this enhancement to search your deck and take into your hand Beyond the Rim, Force Them Back, or any card with "First One" in the title. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Why Are You Hitting Me?	Severed Dreams	dreams.147	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		C	Reveal when one of your characters is attacked by a character whose race has a tension toward your race of 2 or less. Neither character suffers damage from the attack.
William Edgars	Psi Corps	psicorps.200	11	Character	Neutral	5	6	0	0	0		R	Rotate to apply 4 extra influence to bid on a mercenary or to reduce the cost of the next enhancement you sponsor this turn by 4. May attack participant teeps using Intrigue. If he does so, neutralize any teeps in your faction at the end of the resolution round.
William Karges	Apocrypha	apocrypha.50	8	Character	Human	1	0	8	2	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps. When William Karges is sponsored, you may reveal the top cards of your deck until you reveal a Psi Corps enhancement. Put that card into your hand and shuffle all other revealed cards into your deck.
Win-Win Schemes	Wheel of Fire	wheel.145	6	Enhancement	Drakh Faction	0	0	0	0	0		C	Each time another player sponsors a fleet or character loyal to his race, place a Chaos token on this card.
Wind Chimes	Balance of Power	balance.11	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Target up to three cards in your discard pile and shuffle them into your deck. Then draw a card from your deck and remove this event from the game.
Wind Swords	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.452	4	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		U	Increase Minbari unrest by 1 when sponsored. The cost for you to sponsor any Minbari fleet or Minbari character with Leadership is reduced by 2.
Wired With Explosives	Giants in the Playground	gitp.62	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target a character you control. Reveal when this character is being attacked while it is a participant in a conflict. Inflict 2 damage on the attacker and discard the attached character. Apply an amount of support or opposition equal to double the printed intrigue of the attached character to the conflict they were participating in.
Wisdom of G'Quan	Wheel of Fire	wheel.146	4	Event	Narn	0	0	0	0	0		U	You may not play Wisdom of G'Quan if you have any Shadow Marks. All Narn characters you control gain +3 damage resistance when attacked this turn. If you have 5 or more Destiny Marks when you play this event, you may return this card to your hand or to the top of your deck at the end of the turn.
With A Sacrifice	The Great War	greatwar.399	0	Aftermath	Won Centauri	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play when a multiple character you control was neutralized during the conflict. Promote one target Lord or Lady character to your Inner Circle for free.  (Discard this aftermath after play.)
With Us or Against Us	Severed Dreams	dreams.148	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Apply 2 influence to draw a card. Or target a faction in which more than half of the characters are Nightwatch. During the draw round, the target must discard all characters and fleets he controls that are not loyal to his race.
With an Iron Fist	The Great War	greatwar.400	0	Conflict	Military	0	0	0	0	0		F	Only fleets loyal to your race may participate in this conflict. When you initiate this conflict set your unrest at 5. For each 20 by which this conflict succeeds lower your unrest by 1.
Withdrawal	The Shadows	shadows.208	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a participating fleet you control.  The fleet is no longer participating in any conflicts.  If this was the only fleet that attacked or opposed its conflict, that conflict is now uncontested.
Witness Protection	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.453	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target one character not in play in another player's discard pile.   If you succeed by at least that character's influence cost, bring the target into play as a supporting character for you.
Work of the Wicked	Wheel of Fire	wheel.147	0	Conflict		0	0	0	0	0		C	Can only be initiated by a Drakh faction. Choose from one to five abilities which may be used in this conflict. When a Drakh Character or Drakh Fleet you control rotates to participate during the Action Round, it immediately gains a Chaos Token. If successful, return this conflict to your hand.
Worker Caste	Giants in the Playground	gitp.139	8	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		F	Must be sponsored by a Grey Council Member character. Decrease your unrest by 1 when sponsored. All your Worker Caste Minbari gain +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue. Negate all ability penalties from the “Warrior Caste” and “Religious Caste” groups in play.
Working Relationship	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.454	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Target your ambassador, and choose a race other than your own.  Your ambassador can sponsor characters of that race at -2 influence cost.  You may play this card once for each race.
Working Together	Crusade	crusade.154	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		U	ISA. You may not play this event if any of your tension levels toward another race is higher than its starting level. For each race being played with whom your tension toward them is lower than its starting level, you may return to your supporting row a fleet in your discard pile which you could sponsor.
World of the Keepers	Balance of Power	balance.136	8	Location	Neutral	0	0	0	0	8		F	Crusade. Enigma. Unique. Location’s Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. While this location is a participant in a conflict, no other participants can be attacked. Rotate this location and target a Military conflict. This location becomes a participant of that conflict, but does not apply any Military during resolution.
Wounded	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.455	0	Aftermath	Lost Int Or Mil	0	0	0	0	0		R	Target participant character is neutralized, and takes 1 point of severe damage for each Doom Mark he has. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Wrath	A New Beginning	beginning.44	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Target a character you control. Reveal when this character was attacked but not neutralized. This contingency becomes a Character enhancement that reads: "Character gains a Strife mark and +2 damage resistance while attacking a character under the control of the faction that originally attacked it."
Written in the Stars	Severed Dreams	dreams.149	6	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	All characters you control who have a Destiny Mark may not attack or be attacked for the rest of this turn.
Wrong Place and Time	The Great War	greatwar.401	0	Aftermath	Military Participant	0	0	0	0	0		U	Play if a location was captured or neutralized during the conflict.  Neutralize a target character in the faction that controlled the location.  That character suffers 5 severe damage. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Wushmeshkeshlep Fo	Wheel of Fire	wheel.148	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	1	1	0	0		U	Ipsha Ambassador. After a character attacks Wushmeshkeshlep Fo, you may purge a mark of your choice, except a Doom Mark, from the attacker. If Wushmeshkeshlep Fo supports a conflict and is not neutralized, you may draw an additional card during the DrawRound.
Xenophobia	Severed Dreams	dreams.150	3	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	No human faction may play this event. Target a character you control who is loyal to your race. The target permanently gains the text Nightwatch.
Yabc Ftoba	Crusade	crusade.155	7	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	2	0	0		R	Brakiri Ambassador. Corporate. As an action, rotate Yabc Ftoba and apply 4 influence to search your deck for a Brakiri Ambassador and take it into your hand. Or rotate Yabc Ftoba as an action and apply 8 influence to search your deck for any Brakiri character or fleet and take it into your hand.
Yellow Journalism	Crusade	crusade.156	1	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Media. As an action, rotate this enhancement and target a Media character to allow that character to participate in one conflict this turn using Diplomacy, no matter which ability would normally be appropriate. As an action, rotate a Media character you control to restore 1 point of spent influence.
You Are Expendable	Crusade	crusade.71	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Irrevocable. Cannot be played by a Drakh player. Search through your deck for a Drakh Ambassador who could be sponsored by a Drakh player and replace your ambassador with that Drakh Ambassador. This action overrides the normal restrictions against Drakhcards entering play. You may use any of the Drakh Ambassador's effect text as if you had just sponsored him. You are now a Drakh faction, as if you had just sponsored a Drakh Ambassador.
You Are Not Ready	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.456	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to play.   Discard 1 conflict in play.   It does not resolve.   The Vorlons gain 2 influence.
You Didn't Mean That	The Great War	greatwar.402	2	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Target a conflict that targets your race, your faction, or a card in your faction. You and the initiator must have a mutual tension of 1. The conflict must have no support or opposition. Negate the conflict. (The conflict does not resolve.)
You Do Not Understand	The Great War	greatwar.403	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to play. Shuffle your discard pile. Randomly select 2 cards from the pile and put them on the bottom of your deck without looking at the cards.
You Have No Power Here	Wheel of Fire	wheel.149	15	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target a player. Ignore that player's power when you check for victory this turn. If this is the top card in your discard pile, you may lose 2 influence to take it into your hand. This event is Irrevocable while targeting a Drakh player.
You Have Our Vote	A New Beginning	beginning.79	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		F	Target your ambassador. Reveal when a Babylon 5 vote is called, and you have the Babylon 5 vote for your race. The first player (in order of priority) to transfer 1 influence to you may decide how you vote. If no player transfers influence to you, you may restore 1 influence.
You Have a Destiny	Severed Dreams	dreams.151	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	As an action, you may rotate this enhancement, purge a Destiny Mark or Conspiracy Mark from any character you control, and target a character or fleet that is supporting a conflict targeting you. The target applies no support during resolution of that conflict.
You Have a Problem	Giants in the Playground	gitp.133	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	Requires 1 Shadow Mark. Target a ready fleet you control. Start a bidding war for this fleet as if it were a Mercenary. You cannot bid in this bidding war. The winner takes control of the fleet until the end of the turn. You may restore an amount of influence up to the highest bid.
You Know My Reputation	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.457	1	Event		0	0	0	0	0		F	For the rest of the turn, your ambassador gains Diplomacy equal to his Destiny Marks, Shadow Marks and Vorlon Marks, plus 1 per fleet you rotate when playing this card.
You Three Are One	Severed Dreams	dreams.152	0	Event		0	0	0	0	0		R	Target three of your characters. For the rest of this turn, each point of damage dealt to one of the characters may be applied to another of them instead. You choose when and how this happens. If any of the targets is neutralized, he is no longer targeted by this Event.
Young Rain	The Telepath War	teepwar.30	1	Character	Neutral	2	1	5	0	0		F	Mercenary.While you control any version of Talia Winters, Young Rain loses her Mercenary boldface text.
Young Soul Hunter	Giants in the Playground	gitp.52	5	Character	Neutral	3	0	0	0	0		F	Soul Hunter. Cannot be sponsored by a Minbari faction. If Young Soul Hunter has no marks, you may rotate him and target a character in any discard pile with a mark depicted. Remove the targeted card and Young Soul Hunter gains a mark of that type.
Z'athras	The Great War	greatwar.404	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		R	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time.  May replace any Zathras you control.  A Replaced Zathras may return to play.  If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand.  Rotate this character and target another Zathras.  Rotate the targeted character for no effect.
Z'ha'dum Awakened	The Shadows	shadows.209	10	Location	Shadow	0	0	0	0	0		R	Unless specifically permitted, no effect can target Z'ha'dum Awakened. If any player has Sleeping Z'ha'dum in play, he must discard his entire hand. Discard Sleeping Z'ha'dum, it cannot ever (re)enter play. This location may be sponsored by any player for 10 Influence if there are at least 3 Shadow Marks in play. This location is not part of any player's faction, it is under the control of the Shadows. The Shadows gain +1 Influence each Ready round. Any player can purge a Shadow Mark to return one Shadow Ship in his discard pile to his hand.
Za'thras	The Shadows	shadows.210	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		R	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate this character and target a player. That player's next card played this turn costs 1 more Influence than usual.
Zack Allan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.458	6	Character	Human	1	1	0	0	0		U	Zack Allan gains +1 Intrigue for each Inner Circle character you control who is Human.
Zagros VII	Anla'shok	rangers.133	8	Location		0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger. When this card enters play by being sponsored, you may take a copy of Ranger Training from outside the game and attach it to Zagros VII for free. If you control a Ranger character, rotate Zagros VII to have target player with a Shadow mark purge a Shadow mark unless he or she applies 3 influence.  Location's Military may only be used to oppose a conflict targeting this location.
Zat'hras	The Great War	greatwar.405	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		C	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time.  May replace any Zathras you control.  A Replaced Zathras may return to play.  If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate this characterand target a conflict.  All characters participating in that conflict apply 1 less support or opposition than normal (to a minimum of 0).
Zath'ras	The Shadows	shadows.211	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		C	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time.  May replace any Zathras you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand.  Rotate this character,apply 3 Influence and target a player. That player must shuffle his deck.
Zathr'as	The Great War	greatwar.406	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		U	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time.  May replace any Zathras you control.  A Replaced Zathras may return to play.  If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate this characterand target another character.  The targeted character cannot attack any character in your faction for the rest of the turn.
Zathra's	The Great War	greatwar.407	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		P	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras card you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras you may apply 3 influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate to increase the cost for all players to play events by +1 for the rest of the turn.
Zathras	Psi Corps	psicorps.201	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		R	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate Zathras to target an enhancement that has had its text blanked. While Zathras remains rotated, the enhancement's text is restored.
Zathras Fix!	Anla'shok	rangers.134	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Only Zathras work in this conflict (no other cards can participate). If Zathras win conflict by 5, conflict becomes a faction enhancement with the text: "Rotate this enhancement and Zathras (why always Zathras?) to apply 5 support to a target Babylon 4 conflict."
Zathras Not Born of Minbari	Apocrypha	apocrypha.52	6	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A Replaced Zathras may return to play. If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate this character and target a damaged fleet. Repair up to 2 points of damage from that fleet.
Zathras That Could Be	Apocrypha	apocrypha.66	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		F	Enigma. Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A Replaced Zathras may return to play. If you Replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. Rotate this character as an action to search you deck for any Zathras character. You immediately sponsor that Zathras for free. Shuffle Zathras That Could Be into your deck afterwards.
Zathras Who Was	Severed Dreams	dreams.153	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		R	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand. When Zathras Who Was enters play, you may transfer a Destiny Mark to him from another character you control. Rotate Zathras Who Was, apply 3 influence, and target another player. That player draws no free cards this turn.
Zathras'	The Shadows	shadows.212	5	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		U	Up to 12 Zathras cards may be in play at a time. May replace any Zathras you control. A replaced Zathras may return to play. If you replace a Zathras, you may apply 3 Influence to put the Zathras being replaced back in your hand.  Rotate this character and target one player.  If that player gains any Influence during the rest of the Action round, you gain the Influence instead.
Zathras' Ship	Apocrypha	apocrypha.83	4	Fleet	Neutral	0	0	0	0	2		F	Can only be sponsored if "Epsilon III" is in play. All Zathras characters have +3 Leadership while leading this fleet. They can lead this fleet even if they have a current Leadership equal to 0. This fleet can participate in any Babylon 4 conflict using Military regardless of conflict type.
Zener Agent	A New Beginning	beginning.25	5	Character	Drakh	0	3	0	0	0		F	Multiple. Medical. Rotate this character to reduce the cost of sponsoring a Character Enhancement by one.
Zener Hunter	Apocrypha	apocrypha.37	7	Character	Drakh	1	1	6	1	0		F	Multiple. While attacking a character using a non-Psi ability, Zener Hunter gains a bonus to the ability used in the attack equal to half its current Psi.
Zener Stowaway	The Telepath War	teepwar.143	7	Character	Drakh	0	0	6	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Rotate Zener Stowaway as an action and target a fleet that is not Shadow-tainted. Lower the fleet’s Military by 1 for each 3 points of Zener Stowaway’s current Psi. This cannot lower that fleet’s Military below 1.
Zero Sum Game	The Great War	greatwar.408	6	Enhancement	Global	0	0	0	0	0		F	Each Agenda with more than one (revealed) copy in play generates no power bonuses.
Zhalan	Apocrypha	apocrypha.20	4	Enhancement	Minbari Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		F	Renowned. Limited. Squadron. If the attached fleet is neutralized, you may move Zhalan to any other Minbari fleet you control. If you move Zhalan, and the neutralized fleet was being led by a character, this character is returned to an undamaged, but still rotated, condition. The character is no longer considered     to be leading a fleet.
Zocalo Bartender	A New Beginning	beginning.53	4	Character	Neutral	1	1	0	0	0		F	Corporate. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn for each 6 points of Babylon 5 Influence. When participating in the "Working the Zocalo" conflict, Zocalo Bartender applies double his Diplomacy during resolution.
Zog!	Crusade	crusade.52	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		P	You must have at least two Destiny Marks and no Shadow or Vorlon Marks to play or reveal this card. Reveal to cancel an event which requires a Shadow or Vorlon Mark. Or reveal at the resolution of a conflict targeting you to apply opposition to that conflict equal to the number of Destiny Marks in your faction. You may apply 5 influence when you reveal this card to return it to your hand.
Zoog	The Vorlons	vorlons.143	0	Contingency	Centauri Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Household God. Play on your ambassador. Reveal when an event is played which pictures or requires a Strife mark or targets a single Centauri card. The event is cancelled.
Kalika Qwal'mizra	The Great War	greatwar.171	6	Character	Non-Aligned	4	0	0	0	0		F	Abbai Ambassador. If Kalika Qwal'mizra is attacked, increase the unrest of the faction of the attacker by 1.
Na'Mel	The Shadows	shadows.103	7	Character	Narn	2	4	0	0	0		U	Agent of the Kha'Ri. Rotate and discard Na'Mel as an action to negate one Intrigue conflict (it does not resolve).
Captain Sheridan (contingency)	Severed Dreams	dreams.16	0	Character	Human	4	2	0	4	0		R	Human Starting Ambassador. May be replaced by John Sheridan, transferring all attached cards and marks. John Sheridan is considered to have replaced Jeffrey Sinclair. Whenever Captain Sheridan, or a fleet he leads, is attacked, you may search through your deck until you come to the first Contingency you find that could be revealed if it had been under Captain Sheridan, or the fleet he leads, and immediately play and reveal it before resolving the attack. (Shuffle your deck afterwards.)
Captain Sheridan (extra card)	Severed Dreams	dreams.17	0	Character	Human	3	0	0	3	0		R	Human Starting Ambassador. You begin the game with one additional card in your starting hand. You must still conform to all other starting hand restrictions. John Sheridan is considered to have replaced Jeffrey Sinclair. You may apply 10 influence to replace Captain Sheridan with John Sheridan, transferring all attached cards and marks.
G'Kar	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.154	0	Character	Narn	5	1	0	3	0	Strife	F	Narn Starting Ambassador. Member of the Kha'Ri. G'Kar gains +2 Intrigue while he is the target of an Intrigue conflict.
Jeffrey Sinclair	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.204	0	Character	Human	4	0	0	3	0	Destiny	F	Starting Human Ambassador. Rotate Jeffrey Sinclair to prevent the Minbari tension toward the Humans from increasing for the rest of the turn.
Londo Mollari	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.230	0	Character	Centauri	4	4	0	0	0	Destiny	F	Centauri Starting Ambassador. If Londo gains a weapon enhancement, he gains a Strife Mark.
Londo Mollari (diplomat)	Severed Dreams	dreams.72	0	Character	Centauri	4	2	0	0	0	Destiny	R	Centauri Starting Ambassador. Cannot gain Shadow Marks. Londo Mollari counts +1 Diplomacy for every 2 points of Babylon 5 influence.
Londo Mollari (gambler)	Severed Dreams	dreams.73	0	Character	Centauri	4	4	0	0	0		R	Centauri Starting Ambassador. You begin the game with 7 influence, but no other cards in your starting hand. For the first 3 cards you draw this game, immediately gain +1 influence for each card with "Won" in the card type. The first time you draw a card that pictures a mark (or marks), Londo Mollari gains 1 mark(s) of that type. Ignore Shadow and Vorlon Marks for this ability.
Lord Refa (Ambassador)	The Great War	greatwar.184	0	Character	Centauri	3	6	0	0	0	Doom	F	Starting Centauri Home Faction Ambassador
Na'Far (Ambassador)	The Great War	greatwar.215	0	Character	Narn	5	2	0	0	0		F	Starting Narn Home Faction Ambassador. Whenever any Narn Character is damaged, you may rotate Na'Far to reduce the damage inflicted by 3 (to a minimum of 0).
William Morgan Clark (Ambassador)	The Great War	greatwar.398	0	Character	Human	5	5	0	0	0	Doom, Shadow, Conspiracy	F	Starting Human Home Faction Ambassador. Earth Alliance Vice President. Your faction's unrest begins at 2. You cannot play Presidential Coup unless you have at least 4 Inner Circle characters.
Delenn	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.88	0	Character	Minbari	6	0	0	3	0	Destiny, Vorlon	F	Minbari Starting Ambassador. Grey Council Member. Religious Caste.
Neroon (Ambassador)	The Great War	greatwar.218	0	Character	Minbari	5	1	0	4	0		F	Starting Minbari Home faction Ambassador.  Grey Council Member.  Warrior Caste.
G'Kar (extra card)	Severed Dreams	dreams.54	0	Character	Narn	4	0	0	2	0		R	Narn Starting Ambassador. Member of the Kha'Ri. You begin the game with one additional card in your starting hand. You must still conform to all other starting hand restrictions. To replace G'Kar, you must discard 4 cards from your hand (in addition to any other costs.)
Delenn (Lennier)	Severed Dreams	dreams.29	0	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	1	0		R	Minbari Starting Ambassador. Religious Caste. Grey Council Member. Delenn may sponsor Lennier without rotating and at -4 cost.
Delenn (promote)	Severed Dreams	dreams.30	0	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	2	0	Vorlon	R	Minbari Starting Ambassador. Religious Caste. Grey Council Member. Rotate an Inner Circle character and determine the influence cost to promote an eligible supporting character you control. Apply half of that influence immediately. On the following turn, apply the remaining half as an action to promote the character, if he is still eligible.
Delenn (transformer)	Severed Dreams	dreams.31	0	Character	Minbari	5	0	0	1	0		R	Minbari Starting Ambassador. Religious Caste. Grey Council Member. Once per game, you may rotate Delenn to search your deck and take Delenn Transformed, Triluminary, and Chrysalis into your hand. The Chrysalis Event does not require Vorlon Marks and does not increase Minbari unrest when played.
Body Armor	The Shadows	shadows.17	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Armor.  Cannot be used with any other Armor enhancement. Reduce any damage target suffers in each attack by 1.
Attaché Cotto	Severed Dreams	dreams.9	4	Character	Centauri	4	3	0	0	0		R	Centauri Ambassador's Assistant. Must replace Vir Cotto, transferring all attached cards and marks. When he rotates to enhance the Centauri Ambassador, Attaché Cotto reduces costs by an additional 1 or increases the ambassador's abilities by an additional +1. For each 2 points of Diplomacy he has, he gains +1 damage resistance, usable only when being attacked.
Commander Ivanova	The Shadows	shadows.30	6	Character	Human	3	1	1	4	0		U	Human Ambassador's Assistant. Must replace Susan Ivanova.  Transfer all Aftermaths and Enhancements.  Rotate to give any Human character +1 Leadership for the rest of the turn.
Ko'Dath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.214	2	Character	Narn	1	0	0	0	0		F	Narn Ambassador's Assistant.
Lennier	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.225	4	Character	Minbari	0	3	0	0	0	Strife	F	Minbari Ambassador's Assistant. Religious Caste. Lennier's intrigue may only be used to oppose Intrigue conflicts.  While Lennier is ready, Lennier may take all damage inflicted in an attack on Delenn in her place. He then rotates.
Na'Toth	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.275	5	Character	Narn	3	1	0	3	0	Strife	F	Narn Ambassador's Assistant. Na'Toth may replace Ko'Dath.
Na'Toth (fleet)	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.276	5	Character	Narn	3	1	0	2	0	Strife	P	Narn Ambassador's Assistant. Na'Toth may replace Ko'Dath. Any fleet gains a Strife Mark while it is led by Na'Toth.
Susan Ivanova	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.403	4	Character	Human	1	0	0	3	0		F	Human Ambassador's Assistant.
Vir Cotto	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.437	3	Character	Centauri	2	1	0	0	0		F	Centauri Ambassador's Assistant.
Brakir	The Great War	greatwar.37	6	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	10		U	Brakiri Homeworld. Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Each temporary influence bonus you gain lasts for one turn longer than usual.
Brakiri Cruisers	The Great War	greatwar.38	6	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	4		F	Multiple. Brakiri. Halve all damage during attacks before applying it to this fleet.
Brakiri Merchant	The Great War	greatwar.39	3	Character	Non-Aligned	2	0	0	0	0		C	Brakiri. Multiple. Babylon 5 gains +1 influence when Brakiri Merchant is sponsored by a Non-Aligned faction.
Brakiri War Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.40	6	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	5		F	Brakiri. This fleet suffers 1 less point of damage when attacking or being attacked. At the beginning of the Ready round, if this fleet is damaged it suffers 1 point of damage.
Dagool	The Great War	greatwar.67	7	Character	Non-Aligned	4	1	0	2	0		R	Brakiri.  Rotate Dagool and target a character in your faction who is participating in a Diplomacy conflict you did not initiate.  If there is an active Diplomacy conflict you initiated, that character is no longer participating in the old conflict and is instead supporting (and participating in) your conflict.
Non-Aligned Captain	The Great War	greatwar.225	4	Character	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	2	0		F	Brakiri. Multiple. Rotate Non-Aligned Captain and permanently reduce this character's printed Leadership by one to place the top Non-Aligned fleet in your discard pile back into your hand.
Lethke Zum Bartrado	The Great War	greatwar.178	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	2	0	0		F	Brakiri Ambassador. Rotate Lethke Zum Bartrado to look at the top card of each player's deck. Then, take one of those cards and place it under this character (the rest are left on their decks). Lethke Zum Bartrado cannot take this action if there is already a card from any player's deck under him. If Lethke Zum Bartrado is neutralized, return the card to the top of the owner's deck.
Emperor Cartagia	The Shadows	shadows.49	12	Character	Centauri	7	4	0	0	0	2x Doom	R	Centauri Emperor. Emperor Turhan is discarded and cannot reenter play once Emperor Cartagia enters play.  Centauri unrest grows by 1 when Emperor Cartagia is sponsored. Emperor Cartagia gains +2 Diplomacy for each Inner Circle Centauri Character who is currently neutralized.
Emperor Turhan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.120	11	Character	Centauri	9	3	0	0	0		R	Centauri Emperor. Emperor Turhan cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate to alter any Centauri tension by 1.
Lise Hampton Edgars	Severed Dreams	dreams.71	6	Character	Human	3	2	0	0	0		U	Corporate. Must replace Lise Hampton, transferring all attached cards and marks. Lise Hampton Edgars may not attack. Rotate to apply 2 extra influence to bid on a mercenary or to reduce the cost of the next enhancement you sponsor this turn by 2.Cards that require Conspiracy Marks require 2 additional Conspiracy Marks to play when they target you or a card in your faction.
Flying Fortress	Wheel of Fire	wheel.150	8	Fleet	Drakh	0	0	0	0	8		U	While this fleet is undamaged, your Drakh Fleets with printed Military of 5 or less may rotate as an action to repair 2 points of damage for free.
Drazi Strike Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.88	7	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	5		U	Multiple. Drazi.
Drazi War Fleet	The Great War	greatwar.90	9	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	7	Strife	F	Drazi. Remove 1 point of damage from this fleet each Ready round.
Harkar	The Great War	greatwar.145	7	Character	Non-Aligned	2	0	0	3	0		U	Drazi.  Harkar gains +1 Leadership while leading a Drazi Non-Aligned fleet.
Shambah III	The Great War	greatwar.318	10	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	10		U	Drazi.  Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location.  Whenever you must discard a Drazi fleet, character or location, you may apply influence equal to the card's influence cost to return the card to your hand instead.
Juphar Trkider	Psi Corps	psicorps.84	6	Character	Non-Aligned	5	2	0	0	0		U	Drazi Ambassador. May not start in play. Must replace Vizak. The player who controlled Vizak may draw a card when Juphar Trkider replaces Vizak. If Juphar Trkider is a faction's ambassador, every Drazi character in that faction may act as the Non-AlignedAmbassador's Assistant for Juphar Trkider only.
Vizak	The Great War	greatwar.378	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	0	4	0		F	Drazi Ambassador. Every time Vizak rotates to support or oppose a conflict, you must apply 1 point of damage to a non-neutralized character you control.
Zhabar	The Great War	greatwar.409	10	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	15		F	Drazi Homeworld. Non-Aligned Faction Homeworld. Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. Whenever you gain influence from a conflict, rotate this location to gain +1 additional influence.
Luis Santiago	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.238	11	Character	Human	12	0	0	0	0		R	Earth Alliance President. Luis Santiago cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate Luis Santiago to move any altered Human tension or unrest to the level at which it began the turn.
Miagi Hidoshi	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.253	8	Character	Human	6	0	0	0	0		F	Earth Alliance Senator. For every 2 influence you apply, Miagi Hidoshi gains +1 Diplomacy for the rest of the turn, up to a maximum ability of 10 Diplomacy.
Senator Voudreau	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.371	8	Character	Human	7	2	0	0	0		U	Earth Alliance Senator.
William Morgan Clark	The Shadows	shadows.207	9	Character	Human	5	5	0	0	0	Doom, Shadow	R	Earth Alliance Vice President. Human unrest grows by 1 when William Morgan Clark is sponsored.  William Morgan Clark cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Agamemnon	The Great War	greatwar.9	8	Enhancement	Human Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship. Limited. You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control during the Ready round. Two leaders may lead the target fleet at the same time.
Alexander	Severed Dreams	dreams.3	7	Enhancement	Human Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship. Limited. You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control at the end of the Ready round. If a fleet attacks the target, and the target fleet's leader has a higher Leadership than the attacker's leader, the target applies its damage before the attacker.
Bester's Black Omega	Psi Corps	psicorps.19	7	Enhancement	Human Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship. Psi Corps Enhancement. Limited. You may only control one flagship at a time. May only target a Psi Corps fleet. You may move this enhancement to any other valid Psi Corps fleet you control at the end of the Ready Round. Any teep may lead the target fleet, even if his Leadership is zero. That teep gains a bonus to his Leadership equal to half his Psi.
Emfeeli	The Great War	greatwar.95	8	Enhancement	Minbari Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship. Limited. You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control during the Ready round. The target fleet repairs at no influence cost.
Pride of the Kha'Ri	The Great War	greatwar.260	5	Enhancement	Narn Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship. Limited.  You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control during the Ready round. The target fleet gains +2 Military.
The Katai	The Great War	greatwar.347	8	Enhancement	Non-Aligned Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship.  Limited. You may only control one Flagship at a time. You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control during the Ready round.  You may apply 5 influence as an action to ready the target fleet.  The effect of its action is not canceled.  If it participated in a conflict, it cannot participate in the same conflict again.
Valarius	The Great War	greatwar.373	8	Enhancement	Centauri Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		R	Flagship.  Limited.  You may only control one Flagship at a time.  You may move this enhancement to any other valid fleet you control during the Ready round.  You may sponsor fleet enhancements at double the normal influence cost, to make the enhancementa faction enhancement which affects all Centauri fleets.
Dhaliri	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.96	8	Character	Minbari	6	2	0	0	0		U	Grey Council Member. Religious Caste. When Dhaliri is neutralized, he suffers 1 additional point of severe damage.
Rathenn	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.337	9	Character	Minbari	7	2	0	0	0		R	Grey Council Member. Religious Caste. Rotate to alter the Minbari tension toward any race by 1.
Alyt Neroon	Severed Dreams	dreams.6	0	Character	Minbari	6	3	0	5	0	Destiny, Strife	R	Grey Council Member. Warrior Caste. Apply 10 influence to replace Neroon if he is your ambassador, transferring all attached cards and marks. You may sponsor Minbari fleets and Warrior Caste characters at -1 cost, or at -2 cost while Alyt Neroon is leading a fleet.
Hedronn	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.169	9	Character	Minbari	6	3	0	0	0		F	Grey Council Member. Warrior Caste. Rotate Hedronn and target a Minbari character. The target character rotates (for no effect).
Shakat	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.375	10	Character	Minbari	6	3	0	4	0		R	Grey Council Member. Warrior Caste. For each point of damage Shakat heals you must apply 1 influence.
Durlan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.115	8	Character	Minbari	6	1	0	0	0		C	Grey Council Member. Worker Caste. Rotate to give a character +1 Leadership for the rest of the turn.
Gaim Merchant	The Great War	greatwar.132	5	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2	0	0	0		P	Gaim. Rotate to give any other Gaim character +1 to each non-zero ability.
Non-Aligned Aide	The Great War	greatwar.224	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	0	0	0	0		F	Gaim. Multiple. Rotate Non-Aligned Aide and permanently reduce this character's printed Diplomacy by one to apply 10 support to a target Diplomacy conflict in which this character can participate.
Venlesh	The Great War	greatwar.375	4	Character	Non-Aligned	1	1	0	1	0		C	Gaim.  When Venlesh is discarded, you may apply 3 influence to place this card in its owner's hand instead.  Any other player may apply 5 influence to prevent this effect.
She'Lah	The Great War	greatwar.319	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	3	0	0	0		F	Gaim Ambassador. Rotate She'lah and target another character. For the rest of the turn, the targeted character loses Diplomacy and Intrigue equal to She'lah's Diplomacy and Intrigue.
Trakis	Severed Dreams	dreams.136	7	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0		R	Golian. Apply 4 influence to rotate Trakis, target a contingency, and guess the target's title. Look at the target. If you guessed correctly, shuffle the target back into its controller's deck. If the target was on a Centauri card, or a card controlled by a Centauri faction, discard it instead. If you did not guess the title correctly, return the target (face-down).
Hyach Matriarch	The Great War	greatwar.152	9	Character	Non-Aligned	0	0	8	0	0		R	Hyach. Rotate this character and target a ready non-ambassador character whose highest ability is less than this character's Psi. Rotate the target character (for no effect).
Hyach Patriarch	The Great War	greatwar.153	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	0	0	2	0		F	Hyach Ambassador. If Hyach Patriarch is unneutralized and a conflict participant, examine each participant fleet after the conflict is resolved but before aftermaths may be played. Neutralize each fleet that is not Non-Aligned that would be neutralized if its leader(s) were not present.
Non-Aligned Agent	The Great War	greatwar.223	4	Character	Non-Aligned	0	2	0	0	0		F	Hyach. Multiple. Rotate Non-Aligned Agent and permanently reduce this character's printed Intrigue by one to remove all severe damage tokens from a character with an Intrigue of 4 or more (the character is still neutralized).
Du'Nar	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.113	11	Character	Narn	7	4	0	4	0		U	Member of the Kha'Ri. If Du'Nar is injured but not neutralized, remove 1 damage token from him during each ready round.
Kha'Mak	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.209	11	Character	Narn	8	0	0	0	0		F	Representative of the Kha'Ri. Cannot become an Inner Circle character. Rotate to reduce the cost of the next Narn character you sponsor this turn by 2. Your influence rating is increased by +1 while you control Kha'Mak.
Va'Kal	The Shadows	shadows.197	8	Character	Narn	4	2	0	0	0		R	Kha'Ri Intelligence Officer. Whenever Va'Kal's Diplomacy increases as a result of an Aftermath, he gains an equal permanent increase to his Intrigue.
Non-Aligned Fanatic	The Great War	greatwar.226	5	Character	Non-Aligned	1	2	0	1	0		F	Llort. Multiple. This character cannot be sponsored unless there are at least 2 Non-Aligned factions in the game. Non-Aligned Fanatic inflicts +2 damage whenever he attacks a Non-Aligned character.
Tualakh Vit'lokh	The Great War	greatwar.362	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	2	0	3	0		U	Llort. Name one ability (Diplomacy, Intrigue or Leadership) when this character is put into play.  Tualakh Vit'lokh's other printed abilities become zero.
Suarez Cil'tlakh	The Great War	greatwar.331	6	Character	Non-Aligned	1	3	0	0	0		F	Llort Ambassador. While in the Inner Circle, rotate Suarez Cil'tlakh and target a group. Rotate the group (for no effect). The group's effect text is considered blank while it is rotated. The group's controller must apply 3 influence during the ready round to ready the group, or it remains rotated.
Fashar	The Great War	greatwar.106	3	Character	Non-Aligned	3	0	0	0	0		F	Non-Aligned Ambassador's Assistant. Markab. Fashar cannot attack. When Fashar assists a Non-Aligned ambassador, the ambassador gains +2 Diplomacy instead of +1.
Biased Reporting	The Great War	greatwar.29	8	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Media.  Target your faction.  Rotate and target a conflict.  Any character that attacks one of your participant characters suffers 1 point of damage before the attack is resolved.
Disinformation	Severed Dreams	dreams.34	0	Conflict	Diplomacy	0	0	0	0	0		U	Media. Requires 2 Conspiracy Marks. Target a player. The target may increase his race's tension towards you by 1. If successful, gain +1 influence and the target's unrest is raised by 1. If unsuccessful, lose 1 influence and your unrest is raised by 1.
ISN Reporter	The Great War	greatwar.154	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		C	Media.  Rotate ISN Reporter and apply 7 influence to lower by 1 any unrest rating which increased since your last action this turn.
Jane	Severed Dreams	dreams.65	5	Character	Neutral	2	0	0	0	0		R	Media. Jane gains +2 Diplomacy while participating in a Media conflict.
Journalistic Integrity	Severed Dreams	dreams.66	0	Aftermath	Won Participant	0	0	0	0	0		C	Media. Target a participant Media character. The target gains +2 Diplomacy. The target cannot attack.
Media Mogul	The Great War	greatwar.199	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		U	Media. You may sponsor and promote media characters and groups at 2 less cost. Your Media groups cannot be discarded. Your faction is immune to the effects of Suppress the Media. Your Media characters gain +1 to all non-zero abilities. Count each 2 ready Media characters in your Inner Circle as 1 power.
Network Support	The Great War	greatwar.219	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Media.  Rotate and target a Media character.  The target character gains +3 to all his non-zero abilities while this group remains rotated.
Rumor Mongers	The Great War	greatwar.287	7	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Media.  Rotate this group and apply 1 influence to play a limited character card from your hand to this group as an enhancement.  Each such character card enhancing this group causes any copy of that character in play to lose 1 from each of his abilities.
Tonia Wallis	Severed Dreams	dreams.135	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	1	0		C	Media. Tonia Wallis gains +2 Diplomacy while your faction is in a State of War.
Cynthia Torqeman	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.77	5	Character	Neutral	1	0	0	0	0		U	Media Character. Rotate Cynthia Torqueman to support or oppose any number of conflicts at the same time. You decide whether she supports or opposes each conflict.
Mary Ann Cramer	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.247	7	Character	Neutral	0	1	0	0	0		C	Media Character. Rotate to move tension rating of any player by 1.
ISN	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.185	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Media. Rotate this group to reverse a tension change which occurred since your last action.
Spin Doctors	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.387	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Media. Multiple.  Rotate and target a Diplomacy conflict.  Your characters participating in that conflict take half damage, rounded up when attacked.
Lobbyists	The Great War	greatwar.182	3	Group		0	0	0	0	0		C	Mercenary.  Whichever player offers this group the most influence during the turn may increase or decrease any single tension level by 1 during resolution.
Miss Constance	Psi Corps	psicorps.108	1	Character	Human	1	0	5	0	0		C	Mercenary. Miss Constance cannot support a conflict targeting the Psi Corps faction or a Psi Corps card. Miss Constance cannot oppose a conflict initiated by the Psi Corps faction.
N'Grath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.271	1	Character	Neutral	0	5	0	0	0		F	Mercenary. N'Grath will support or oppose one conflict as dictated by whoever offers him the most influence during the turn.  N'Grath cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Telepath for Hire	Psi Corps	psicorps.171	1	Character	Centauri	0	2	5	0	0		C	Mercenary. Multiple. Telepath for Hire cannot become an Inner Circle character.
Alien Scum	Severed Dreams	dreams.4	4	Event		0	0	0	0	0		C	Nightwatch. Rotate a Nightwatch character you control and target a character loyal to a race other than your own. The target suffers damage equal to your tension toward the target's race.
Cocksure	Severed Dreams	dreams.21	4	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Nightwatch. While participating in a conflict that you initiated, your Nightwatch characters have +1 to all non-zero abilities, plus an additional +1 for each Conspiracy Mark they have. This bonus applies only at resolution.
Mister Allan	Severed Dreams	dreams.79	6	Character	Human	1	4	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Nightwatch. Must replace Zack Allan, transferring all Enhancements and Marks. Mister Allan gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue for each Human Nightwatch character in your Inner Circle. Mister Allan loses 3 Intrigue for each character you control who is not Human.
Mister Welles	Severed Dreams	dreams.80	8	Character	Human	4	1	0	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Nightwatch. Mister Welles gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue for each Human Nightwatch character in your Inner Circle. Mister Welles loses 3 Diplomacy for each character you control who is not Human.
Nest of Vipers	Severed Dreams	dreams.84	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Nightwatch. When determining the cost to promote a Nightwatch character to your Inner Circle, ignore all other Nightwatch characters in your Inner Circle.
Nightwatch Agent	The Shadows	shadows.106	6	Character	Human	1	3	0	0	0		C	Nightwatch. Rotate and discard this character to reverse a change in Human unrest that occurred since your last action.
Nightwatch Collaborators	Severed Dreams	dreams.85	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Multiple. Nightwatch. Each player may only control one copy of this group. When a character that you control becomes Nightwatch, choose to give that character one of the following: +2 Diplomacy, +1 Intrigue, or a Conspiracy Mark.
Our Own People First	Severed Dreams	dreams.92	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Nightwatch. You may sponsor this agenda without rotating an Inner Circle character. Your ambassador permanently gains the text Nightwatch. Each turn you may initiate an additional Diplomacy Conflict or Intrigue Conflict targeting a character or fleet loyal to your race. If successful, the target permanently gains the text Nightwatch. You may apply 1 additional influence each turn for every Nightwatch character in your Inner Circle.
Pierce Macabee	Severed Dreams	dreams.100	7	Character	Human	4	2	0	0	0		U	Nightwatch. Pierce Macabee's abilities are doubled during the Resolution Round while supporting a conflict initiated by a Nightwatch card.
Silent Majority	Severed Dreams	dreams.116	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		U	Nightwatch. You may rotate a Nightwatch character and target a Multiple Nightwatch character you control to cause the target to gain a Strife Mark for the rest of this turn.
Senator King	Severed Dreams	dreams.114	8	Character	Human	5	3	0	0	0	Conspiracy	U	Nightwatch. Earth Alliance Senator.
Information Control	Severed Dreams	dreams.64	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		U	Nightwatch. Media. Requires 2 Conspiracy Marks. If successful, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement for you that reduces your cost to sponsor Media cards by 2 and prevents Media characters from participating in conflicts you initiate without your permission.
Lhim/Dram	The Great War	greatwar.179	7	Character	Non-Aligned	6	0	0	0	0		U	Pak'ma'ra.  Discard Lhim/Dram to play an event that is on top of any other player's discard pile as if you were playing it from your hand.
Luhf/Syhf	The Great War	greatwar.190	6	Character	Non-Aligned	0	6	0	0	0		R	Pak'ma'ra.  All non-Pak'ma'ra characters in your Inner Circle lose 1 Diplomacy while Luhf/Syhf is in your Inner Circle.
Pak'ma'ra Spacelanes	The Great War	greatwar.234	8	Location	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	5		F	Pak'ma'ra. Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. While you are in a state of Free Trade, your influence is increased by an additional +1. Discard this location if it is ever captured.
Supply Convoy	The Great War	greatwar.334	4	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	1		C	Multiple. Pak'ma'ra.  This fleet cannot attack or be attacked.  While this fleet is supporting or opposing a Military conflict, all your Non-Aligned fleets participating in the same conflict suffer 1 less damage during each attack.  This fleet's participation does not make a conflict contested.
Vlur/Nhar	The Great War	greatwar.379	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	4	0	0	0		F	Pak'ma'ra Ambassador. Vlur/Nhar gains +2 Intrigue while opposing conflicts targeting a card in his faction or, targeting his faction as a whole.
Nobody Can Stop Us	Psi Corps	psicorps.117	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	F	Psi Corps Agenda. All your Psi Corps characters and Psi Corps fleets gain a Strife Mark. Each time you win a Psi Conflict, place a token on this agenda. As an action, you may remove 3 tokens from this agenda to gain +1 influence.
The Corps Is Mother	Psi Corps	psicorps.176	0	Agenda	Human	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps Agenda. You may sponsor this agenda without rotating an Inner Circle character. If you have less than 10 influence, you may rotate this agenda to gain +1 influence when you sponsor a Psi Corps card.
Bester (Ambassador)	Psi Corps	psicorps.18	0	Character	Human	1	3	12	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Human Psi Corps Starting Ambassador. Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. Bester may not rotate to support a conflict you initiate unless another character has already participated.
Black Omega Auxiliary	Psi Corps	psicorps.20	5	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	2		F	Psi Corps Fleet. Black Omega Auxiliary gains +4 Military while you are the target of a Military conflict.
Black Omega Fighters	Psi Corps	psicorps.21	5	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	2		F	Psi Corps Fleet. Black Omega Fighters may participate in Intrigue conflicts using Military.
Elite Black Omega	Psi Corps	psicorps.55	6	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	2		R	Psi Corps Fleet. May only be led by a teep. Elite Black Omega may participate in Psi conflicts and Intrigue conflicts (using Military). Elite Black Omega has damage resistance equal to its leader's Conspiracy Marks.
Mother Ship Alpha	Psi Corps	psicorps.110	9	Fleet	Human	0	0	0	0	4		R	Psi Corps Fleet. Requires 4 Conspiracy Marks to sponsor. Rotate this fleet and reduce its printed military by 1 to place the top card in your discard pile into your hand if it is a Black Omega fleet. Rotate this fleet and discard 5 cards from your hand to increase this fleet's printed Military by +1.
Psi Corps Intelligence	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.321	6	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps Group. This group may be sponsored as if it were not a Psi Corps card. If your ambassador is a Psi Cop, you may sponsor this group for half cost. Rotate this group to look at the top two cards of your deck. Or, rotate this group (during the Conflict Round) to initiate an additional Psi Conflict with another target player. If successful, look at the top four cards of his deck. In either case, you may place one card you have seen at the bottom of that deck.
Reprogramming Team	Psi Corps	psicorps.146	8	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		U	Psi Corps Group. Rotate Reprogramming Team and apply 8 influence to target an aftermath on a character you control. You may move the aftermath to another valid character you control, ignoring participation restrictions.
Star Chamber	Psi Corps	psicorps.159	6	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	U	Psi Corps Group. Your ambassador gains a Conspiracy Mark. Rotate and target a character with Conspiracy Marks. The target gains +1 Intrigue for each of his Conspiracy Marks.  This bonus lasts until the end of this turn.
Telepath Recruiters	Psi Corps	psicorps.170	4	Group	Human	0	0	0	0	0		R	Psi Corps Group. You may rotate this group to sponsor or promote a card (as if this group were an Inner Circle character).
Syria Planum	Psi Corps	psicorps.164	7	Location	Human	0	0	0	0	5		F	Psi Corps Location. May only be sponsored by the Psi Corps faction. Location's Military may only be used to oppose conflicts targeting this location. You may rotate this card to apply opposition equal to this location's Military to a Military conflict that targets your faction or a card in your faction. (This does not cause Syria Planum to become a participant.) This location may be led (as if it were a fleet) using Psi or Leadership.
Administrator Drake	Psi Corps	psicorps.7	10	Character	Human	4	2	10	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. Requires 4 Conspiracy Marks to sponsor. Administrator Drake gains +4 Diplomacy while opposing a Diplomacy conflict which targets your faction. Rotate Administrator Drake to reduce the cost of the next Psi Corps character you sponsor this turn by 2.
Alfred Bester	Psi Corps	psicorps.10	12	Character	Human	2	5	13	2	0	Destiny, 2x Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. May not be sponsored. You may replace Bester with Alfred Bester if you have 5 Conspiracy Marks. Transfer all enhancements, contingencies, aftermaths, and marks. Rotate Alfred Bester instead of initiating any conflicts during the Conflict Round to search through your deck and initiate the first conflict you find. If that conflict cannot be viably initiated, discard it and you initiate no conflicts this turn. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
Black Omega Pilot	Psi Corps	psicorps.22	5	Character	Human	0	0	3	2	0		F	Psi Corps Character. Multiple.
Bloodhound	Psi Corps	psicorps.26	9	Character	Human	0	3	5	0	0	Strife	F	Psi Corps Character. Multiple. Rotate this character and apply 5 influence to attack any target Human teep or target Neutral teep using Psi. Characters in the target's faction may attack this Bloodhound in return (using Psi). May not attack Psi Corps characters.
Chen Hikaru	Psi Corps	psicorps.34	4	Character	Human	0	1	5	0	0	Doom	F	Psi Corps Character. When Chen Hikaru participates in a conflict, your ambassador suffers damage equal to Chen Hikaru's Doom Marks.
Dark Talia	Psi Corps	psicorps.43	7	Character	Human	1	3	8	0	0	Strife	R	Psi Corps Character. Requires 3 Conspiracy Marks to bring into play. May replace Talia Winters. Remove Talia Winters from the game (she may not re-enter play). While attacking characters in any faction that ever controlled Talia Winters, Dark Talia's Strife Marks count double.
Gordon	Psi Corps	psicorps.65	6	Character	Human	2	0	4	0	0		F	Psi Corps Character. Media. Gordon may only be attacked by Psi Corps characters. Gordon gains +2 Diplomacy and +2 Psi while participating in a conflict that targets a non-Psi Corps teep.
Harriman Gray	Psi Corps	psicorps.68	8	Character	Human	0	1	7	2	0		F	Psi Corps Character. Harriman Gray may use Psi to oppose a Military conflict that you could participate in. While doing so, he may be attacked using Leadership (or Psi).
Kelsey	Psi Corps	psicorps.86	8	Character	Human	1	2	10	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop.  Psi Corps Ambassador's Assistant. Kelsey cannot attack Human characters who do not have Psi.
Laurel Takashima	Psi Corps	psicorps.89	12	Character	Human	3	4	0	3	0	Doom, Strife, Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps Character. Rotate Laurel Takashima and target a non-ambassador character. For the rest of this turn, the target may rotate to attack any character in play using the victim's highest ability.  Discard the target after he performs this attack.
Matthew Stoner	Psi Corps	psicorps.102	6	Character	Human	0	4	1	0	0		F	Psi Corps Character. When Matthew Stoner is attacked using any ability other than Psi, he takes a maximum of 1 point of damage from the attack.
Reprogrammer	Psi Corps	psicorps.145	10	Character	Human	5	0	8	0	0		U	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. If your ambassador is a Psi Cop, you may promote Reprogrammer for 10 influence (no modifiers are applied). The cost for Reprogrammer to promote a Psi Corps character is reduced by an amount equal to the number of Psi Cops inyour Inner Circle.
Talia Winters	Premiere/Deluxe	psicorps.166	6	Character	Human	1	0	5	0	0		F	Psi Corps Character. This card may be sponsored as if it were not a Psi Corps character. Any player with Conspiracy Marks may sponsor Talia Winters into another Human faction that has fewer Conspiracy Marks. Talia Winters cannot attack.
Thirteen	Psi Corps	psicorps.183	8	Character	Human	0	6	10	0	0	Conspiracy	R	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. Requires 4 Conspiracy Marks to sponsor.
Black Omega Squadron	Psi Corps	psicorps.23	5	Enhancement	Fleet	0	0	0	0	0		U	Psi Corps Enhancement. While this enhancement is ready, the target gains +1 Military.  Rotate this enhancement to give the target 2 points of Damage Resistance. (This action may not be sustained.)
Master Plan	Psi Corps	psicorps.100	6	Enhancement	Faction	0	0	0	0	0		F	Psi Corps Enhancement. If your ambassador does not have a Conspiracy Mark, discard this enhancement. As your first action, you may rotate a teep and predict (aloud) which of this turn's opposable conflicts will succeed and which will fail (you must makea prediction for each such conflict in play). For each correct prediction, you may apply 3 additional influence next turn. For each incorrect prediction, apply 3 influence for no effect during next turn's Ready Round.
The Badge & The Gloves	Psi Corps	psicorps.175	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Enhancement. Target a Psi Corps character you control. The target gains a Conspiracy Mark. The target gains +1 damage resistance for each Psi Cop in your Inner Circle.
Wastelands	Psi Corps	psicorps.197	4	Enhancement	Location	0	0	0	0	0	Conspiracy	F	Psi Corps Enhancement. Each player may only control one copy of Wastelands. All characters you control inflict additional damage equal to their number of Conspiracy Marks during attacks. Rotate this enhancement, apply 7 influence, and target a character you control to give that character a Conspiracy Mark.
Entil'zha Delenn	Severed Dreams	dreams.44	0	Character	Minbari	8	3	0	4	0	Destiny	R	Religious Caste. Ranger One. Must replace Delenn Transformed, transferring all enhancements, contingencies, marks, and any aftermaths that you choose. Rotate to search your deck and take into your hand the first card you find with "Ranger" (boldface) in its effect text. Shuffle your deck afterwards. You may sponsor Ranger cards at -4 cost.
Marcus Cole	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.243	11	Character	Neutral	0	5	0	2	0	Strife	R	Ranger. The Human and Minbari players may sponsor Marcus Cole as if he had a 7 cost. While you control Marcus Cole, the cost for you to sponsor any Ranger group is reduced by 2.
Ranger Initiate	The Great War	greatwar.274	6	Character	Neutral	0	2	0	2	0		C	Multiple. Ranger.
Eyes and Ears	Anla'shok	rangers.41	0	Agenda		0	0	0	0	0		C	Ranger. Ranger characters gain +2 to their highest ability (or highest abilities if tied). Not Cumulative with other copies of Eyes and Ears. Apply 6 influence to initiate an Intrigue conflict.  Unneutralized participants with Shadow Marks who oppose this conflict apply 2 additional opposition. If successful, gain +1 power.
Hand of Valen	The Great War	greatwar.143	0	Agenda	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger Agenda. You may sponsor and promote Ranger characters at 2 less cost. Ranger groups you control cannot be discarded. All Ranger characters you control with a printed 0 Leadership gain a printed Leadership of 1. Ranger characters you control gain +1 to each of their non-zero abilities.
Den'sha	Severed Dreams	dreams.32	0	Conflict	Intrigue	0	0	0	0	0		R	Limited. Ranger Conflict. To initiate this conflict, Ranger One must be in play, and you must reveal a Ranger One character in your hand whom you could play if the existing Ranger One was removed from the game. Only Rangers may participate in this conflict. If successful, the existing Ranger One loses his Ranger One text (even if it is boldfaced), and you may immediately play your Ranger One card for free. If unsuccessful, you must discard the Ranger One character that you revealed.
We Die for The One	Severed Dreams	dreams.145	0	Contingency	Character	0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger Contingency. Play on a Ranger Character. Reveal when Ranger One takes damage, if the target is ready. The target takes the damage in Ranger One's place.
Anla'shok	The Great War	greatwar.15	5	Group	Minbari	0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger Group. Your cost to sponsor any Ranger card is reduced by 2. Rotate and target a Ranger character. The target character gains +2 to each of his abilities while this group remains rotated.
Ranger Operations	The Shadows	shadows.131	8	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger Group.  Rotate, apply 5 influence and target another player. Turn over the top card of his deck.  If the card is a character which could be sponsored, put it into play for the target player as a supporting character at no cost. If not, discard thecard
Ranger Strike Team	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.335	4	Group		0	0	0	0	0		U	Ranger Group. While you control this group, you may rotate any of your fleets to increase Babylon 5's influence for the rest of the turn by +1 per 5 Military of the fleet. This bonus cannot contribute to raising Babylon 5's influence above 19 unless theShadow War has begun.
Rangers Surveillance	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.336	6	Group		0	0	0	0	0		R	Ranger Group. Requires 1 Vorlon Mark to sponsor. While this group is in play, you gain +10 influence for initiative determination only.
Entil'zha	The Shadows	shadows.50	12	Character	Neutral	5	3	0	3	0	Destiny, Vorlon	R	Ranger One. Requires 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor.  You may sponsor Entil'zha only after Sheridan has replaced Sinclair.  You may sponsor Human and Minbari characters at -2 cost, and Ranger cards at -4 cost.
Ranger Lennier	Severed Dreams	dreams.107	8	Character	Minbari	2	4	0	1	0	Doom	R	Ranger. Religious Caste. Must replace your Lennier, transferring all attached cards and marks. If you win an Intrigue conflict that has no participation restrictions in which Ranger Lennier participated and was not neutralized, you may apply 6 influenceafter resolution to return the conflict to your hand. While Ranger Lennier is ready, he may take all damaged inflicted in an attack on any version of Delenn in her place. He then rotates.
Calenn	The Shadows	shadows.24	7	Character	Minbari	3	2	0	0	0		R	Religious Caste. Rotate and Neutralize this character to cause him to gain +1 Diplomacy.  This character loses 1 Diplomacy whenever any player sponsors a Minbari character.
Lennan	The Great War	greatwar.176	5	Character	Minbari	0	2	0	2	0		C	Religious Caste.  You may discard Lennan to repair twice his Leadership in damage to a fleet he is leading.
Minbari Aide	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.259	4	Character	Minbari	3	0	0	0	0		F	Religious Caste. Multiple.
Minbari Telepath	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.262	8	Character	Minbari	0	0	6	0	0		F	Religious Caste. Rotate Minbari Telepath to reduce a target character's abilities by 2 for the rest of the turn (minimum 0).
Shal Mayan	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.376	5	Character	Minbari	1	0	0	0	0		F	Rotate Shal and apply 5 influence to ready a rotated Inner Circle character. The effect of that character's action is not cancelled. If the character participated in a conflict, he cannot participate in that same conflict.
Delenn Transformed	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.89	0	Character	Minbari	7	0	0	4	0	2x Destiny, 2x Vorlon	R	Religious Caste. You may sponsor characters from other races at -2 cost.   The Chrysalis event is required to bring Delenn Transformed into play.
Draal	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.109	6	Character	Minbari	3	0	0	0	0		F	Religous Caste. When attacking or being attacked, Draal applies his damage before his opponent.
Isdrell	Psi Corps	psicorps.79	8	Character	Centauri	1	1	4	0	0		R	Seeress. Imperial Telepath. Any Centauri Emperor may sponsor Isdrell at -3 cost. Isdrell gains +1 Diplomacy, Intrigue, and Psi for every Imperial Telepath character in play, including herself. Isdrell gains +4 Psi while any Centauri Emperor is targeted by a conflict that you did not initiate.
Jecinda	Psi Corps	psicorps.81	9	Character	Centauri	1	1	7	0	0		U	Seeress. Imperial Telepath. Any Centauri Emperor may sponsor Jecinda at -3 cost. Jecinda gains +1 Psi for every Centauri Seeress character in play, including herself.  Jecinda gains +4 Psi while any Centauri Emperor is targeted by a conflict that you didnot initiate.
Korrinine	Psi Corps	psicorps.87	8	Character	Centauri	1	2	3	0	0		R	Seeress. Imperial Telepath. Any Centauri Emperor may sponsor Korrinine at -3 cost. Korrinine gains +1 Diplomacy for every Centauri Seeress character in play, including herself. Korrinine gains +2 Psi for every Imperial Telepath character in play, including herself. Korrinine gains +4 Psi while any Centauri Emperor is targeted by a conflict that you did not initiate.
Lady Ladira	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.218	6	Character	Centauri	3	1	0	0	0		U	Seeress
Lady Morella	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.219	8	Character	Centauri	5	2	0	0	0		F	Seeress
Lavindra	Psi Corps	psicorps.90	7	Character	Centauri	0	2	4	0	0		R	Seeress. Imperial Telepath. Rotate Lavindra to provide each Imperial Telepath and Centauri Emperor in play with 2 points of damage resistance. This damage resistance lasts until the end of the turn. Lavindra gains +4 Psi while any Centauri Emperor istargeted by a conflict that you did not initiate.
Rogue Soul Hunter	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.351	9	Character	Neutral	0	3	0	0	0		R	Soul Hunter. Cannot be sponsored by the Minbari faction. Rotate to cause the top character in another player's discard pile to become a supporting character for you for the rest of the turn.  At the end of the turn, return him to the same discard pile. If the character is Limited, no other copy of that character may be in play.
Techno-mage	The Great War	greatwar.336	8	Character	Neutral	2	5	0	0	0		R	Techno-mage.  Discard Techno-mage if you have any Shadow Marks or Vorlon Marks.  Techno-mage suffers 1 point of damage each time a card is played or sponsored that requires Shadow or Vorlon Marks.
Elric	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.118	7	Character	Neutral	4	0	0	0	0		R	Techno-mage. Treat Elric as a Seeress. Discard Elric if the Shadow War has started. Discard Elric if you have any Shadow Marks or Vorlon Marks.
Vree Scouts	The Great War	greatwar.388	7	Fleet	Non-Aligned	0	0	0	0	3		F	Vree. When attacking or being attacked, Vree Scouts apply their damage before their opponent.
Milashi Voktal	The Great War	greatwar.203	6	Character	Non-Aligned	3	2	0	0	0		F	Vree Ambassador. Rotate Milashi Voktal and target a character who is opposing a Diplomacy conflict you initiated. The target applies no opposition during resolution.
G'Sten	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.155	12	Character	Narn	8	0	0	5	0		R	Narn Warleader. Member of the Kha'Ri. While ready, you may cause a Narn fleet that is attacked to suffer only half damage.  If this effect is applied rotate G'Sten.
Deeron	Severed Dreams	dreams.27	6	Character	Minbari	1	2	0	0	0	Doom	C	Warrior Caste. Rotate Deeron and apply 5 influence to go through your deck and take the first character enhancement you find into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards. You may sponsor Character Enhancements targeting Deeron at -3 cost.
Kalain	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.208	9	Character	Minbari	2	0	0	4	0		F	Warrior Caste. The fleet Kalain is leading may rotate to attack a Human fleet. Human fleets may attack Kalain's fleet in, and Human - Minbari tension grows by 1. Kalain may not lead the Homeworld fleet, Picket fleet, or Colonial fleet. Discard if his fleet is neutralized.
Minbari Captain	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.260	3	Character	Minbari	0	0	0	2	0		F	Warrior Caste. Multiple.
Movekk	Psi Corps	psicorps.111	8	Character	Minbari	1	0	5	1	0		U	Warrior Caste. Ranger. Rotate Movekk and target a Shadow Character or Shadow Fleet whose highest current ability is less than Movekk's current Psi. Rotate the target for no effect.
Warleader Shakiri	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.445	11	Character	Minbari	6	1	0	5	0		R	Minbari Warleader. Warrior Caste. Warleader Shakiri gains +1 Leadership while leading the Warleader's Fleet.
Neroon	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.283	8	Character	Minbari	2	1	0	4	0		U	Warrior Caste. You may choose to play aftermath cards which target your ambassador on Neroon instead.  If this is done, anytime the card refers to your ambassador, it affects Neroon instead.
Assassination Device	The Shadows	shadows.10	7	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0		R	Weapon. Cannot be used with any other Weapon enhancement.  Target character inflicts +1 damage when attacking. Also, when the character attacks or is attacked, he inflicts +1 point of damage on his opponent before the attack is resolved.
Concealed Weapon	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.58	3	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	C	Weapon. May not be used with any other Weapon enhancement. Target character gains a Strife Mark.
Minbari Fighting Pike	The Shadows	shadows.93	5	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Weapon. Cannot be used with any other Weapon enhancement. Can only target a Minbari or Ranger character or Marcus Cole.  Character gains a Strife Mark.  Character gains an additional Strife Mark while participating in an Intrigue conflict.
PPG Rifle	The Shadows	shadows.114	4	Enhancement	Character	0	0	0	0	0	Strife	U	Weapon.  Cannot be used with any other Weapon enhancement.  Character gains a Strife Mark.  In addition, character inflicts an additional +1 damage when attacking.
Lady Daggair	Severed Dreams	dreams.68	8	Character	Centauri	2	3	0	0	0		R	Wife of Londo. For each Wife of Londo in her faction (including herself), Lady Daggair gains +1 Diplomacy and +1 Intrigue. For each Wife of Londo in another faction, Lady Daggair loses 1 Diplomacy and 1 Intrigue.
Lady Mariel	Severed Dreams	dreams.69	8	Character	Centauri	1	2	0	0	0	Strife	U	Wife of Londo. Any ambassador may sponsor Lady Mariel at normal cost. For each Wife of Londo in her faction (including herself), Lady Mariel gains +1 Intrigue. If at least two other Wives of Londo are in her faction, Lady Mariel gains an additional Strife Mark. For each Wife of Londo in another faction, Lady Mariel loses 1 Intrigue.
Lady Timov	Severed Dreams	dreams.70	6	Character	Centauri	1	1	0	0	0		U	Wife of Londo. For each Wife of Londo in her faction (including herself), Lady Timov gains +1 Diplomacy. Lady Timov gains +2 Diplomacy while your ambassador is a Lord, +4 Diplomacy while your ambassador is a Prime Minister, and +8 Diplomacy while your ambassador is an Emperor
Grey Council Servitor	The Shadows	shadows.63	6	Character	Minbari	1	2	0	0	0		U	Worker Caste. Grey Council Servitor gains +1 to his Diplomacy for each Grey Council Member in your Inner Circle.
Katz	Psi Corps	psicorps.85	10	Character	Minbari	6	1	5	0	0		R	Worker Caste. Grey Council Member. Rotate Katz and target an undamaged Minbari character. Until the end of this turn, that character ignores all effects of damage tokens on him.
Nejokk	Psi Corps	psicorps.114	7	Character	Minbari	1	3	0	0	0		C	Worker Caste. Rotate Nejokk, apply 3 influence, and target a conflict initiated by a faction with three or more Conspiracy Marks. Apply opposition to the target equal to the initiating faction's number of Conspiracy Marks.
Minbari Agent	Premiere/Deluxe	deluxe.258	3	Character	Minbari	0	2	0	0	0		F	Worker Caste. Multiple.
Destiny Mark	Game Resources	destinyMark		Token								F	
Doom Mark	Game Resources	doomMark		Token								F	
Strife Mark	Game Resources	strifeMark		Token								F	
Conspiracy Mark	Game Resources	conspiracyMark		Token								F	
Shadow Mark	Game Resources	shadowMark		Token								F	
Vorlon Mark	Game Resources	vorlonMark		Token								F	
Impasse Token	Game Resources	impasseToken		Token								F	

